All are not harpers, who hold the harp.
NZ domestic bond programme halved to NZ$1 billion.
Toledo deliverable wheat stocks.
In 100 years time my worries will be of no consequence.
As the best wine makes the sharpest vinegar, so the deepest love turns to the deadliest hatred.
Hold down Ctrl and Shift together and tap Enter to force a page break
RALLYING-LEADING POSITIONS IN 1,000 LAKES RALLY.
His wife passed him a score.
Tink, dear, Tink, are you dying ?
Russian 6-mth T-bill yield falls to 74.16 pct.
RAILWAY WORLD PRIZE for best incomplete Volunteer Sector project showing the most promise: .
Trygg-Hansa says reshuffle boosts H1.
Med oil products - fuel, gas oil firm, others not.
Bertelsmann sees early breakeven at AOL Europe.
A faithless wife is shipwreck to a house.
A good wife and health is a man's best wealth.
A threatened man lives seven years.
We both thought the arrangements were excellent.
U.S. OPTIONS FOCUS/Lawsuits turn focus to tobacco.
CompuTrac Inc Q2 shr loss $0.04 vs profit.
I look forward to meeting you immensely .
By ANDREW GRAHAM-DIXON, Visual Arts Correspondent
The more one has the more one wants.
Stopping at third base adds no more to the score than striking out.
NYCE cotton ends slightly firmer, still in range.
The fox that tarries long is on the watch for prey.
Look before you leap, For snakes among sweet flowers do creep.
FOCUS - Bundesbank seen cutting repo rate this week.
Two American artist are showing at Montenay.
INSIGHT - Bel-20 seen unable to set new highs.
He tells a tale of a tub.
The Danzigers went along with them slowly at first and then with greater enthusiasm.
If you want to live and thrive, let the spider run alive.
The mushrooms themselves are only as harmful as most other hallucinogens.
Brochure on request 17.5025 per person per night.
Now we know more, it cannot, and therefore must be stopped.
ISLAND GRAPHICS CEASES TO SELL DIRECTLY TO RESELLERS
SUMMARY - Main points of Australia 96/97 budget.
A hard life but a healthy one.
Endill could hardly believe what had happened.
Has the test been shown to be valid?
Don't know how to say them.
CRITEF partners agree on new merger terms.
Harland's shares rose 15 to 94p compared with 585p before the profit warning.
our agreement that in matters spiritual
We hang little thieves, and take off our hats to great ones.
Three things drive a man out of his house--smoke, rain, and a scolding wife.
German press says &quot;high time&quot; after repo rate cut.
Dollar surges to 5-week high after German rate cut.
The only truly dead are those who have been forgotten.
Italy drops word &quot;stepchild&quot; from registries.
The underwater shape at the very back of the board.
Buying Pearl would give AMP a further market share of over 2 per cent.
The priest errs at the altar.
The benefice must be taken with its liabilities.
Romania sees GSM mobile telecom tender as success.
Slow at meat, slow at work.
I left knowing that we could not make anything together.
It is the gift of himself.
It is natural, Harkabi warned, that such conflict should always get worse.
This will facilitate whatever remedy treatment is to be given.
CBOT Sep corn ends up as nearby supplies dwindle.
Help thyself and heaven will help thee.
CRICKET-INDIA V SRI LANKA SCOREBOARD.
It is a bad thing to be a knave, but worse to be known for one.
There's no getting to heaven in a coach.
You buy land, you buy stones; you buy meat, you buy bones.
GOLF-THUNDERSTORMS FORCE SUSPENSION OF SECOND ROUND IN AKRON.
The best cast at dice is not to play.
NYCE prepares to revive potato futures.
Nyerere in Rome amid talk of Burundi peace contact.
Blaise Pascal has the last word:
Solicitors: Kenwright Cox for Jagger Son Tilley, Birmingham; Solicitor of Inland Revenue.
Israeli Intelligence worried by Syria-legislator.
It is hard to lure hawks with empty hands.
A stern chase is a long chase.
One is never so rich as when one removes (from one house to another).
In the beginning knitting was a challenge; now it is therapeutic and satisfying.
PRESS DIGEST - Indian newspapers - August 22.
His quality of life can be improved through medical treatment.
Baltic Freight Index rose to 1,117.
Police end African protest by raiding church.
Amertranz Worldwide June 30 results.
The wine is not known by the hoops.
When flatterers meet the devil goes to dinner.
Karachi port handles 89,479 tonnes cargo.
Apple, Microsoft partner in Europe.
When you christen the bairn, you should know what to call it.
One, but that one a lion.
Yours sincerely Vikki Anderson 35 Commercial Square, Camborne Cornwall, TR14 8DY
Frontier Adjusters of America Q4 net falls.
Award winning Gary Hooker of Saks specialises in beautiful wedding day transformations.
Text of Australia's anti-nuke resolution at U.N..
Teacher: How can you tell that it is your shadow?
As they brew, so let them bake.
Whatever is written on the forehead is always seen.
If the twenty-fourth of August be fair and clear, Then hope for a prosperous autumn that year.
Khong Guan stock suspended - KLSE.
Two brothers compete in a cycling marathon but one of them is dying.
Fidelity flows into US stock funds turns positive.
The settlement will not affect WPP profits.
Who keeps company with a wolf will learn to howl.
Let there be no lack of food in the pigeon-house, and the pigeons will come to it.
Shanghai T-bill repo rates mixed, spots mostly up.
If a blind man says, "Let's throw stones," be assured that he has stepped on one.
RBL commodity traders to join C.Lyonnais Rouse.
Try to encourage Bonnie to meet different people.
German court jails unrepentent U.S. neo-Nazi.
The words lined with lead open a new avenue.
The anvil does not fear a good sledge-hammer.
Here are some ground rules on how to choose your carpet, and its upkeep.
Spring barley in east France seen good for malting.
Good wines needs no bush.
Mention not a rope in the house of one whose father was hanged.
Terry sat up and showed great interest.
Toronto's stocks end stronger on resource issues.
One might say that attitudes can be discovered post hoc .
It transpires that an atomic explosion has sterilised the world's males.
The way they are answered will benefit both hearing and deaf communities alike.
The institutional shortage will inflate further the expected premium on first day's trading.
Polish PZU insurer net rises to PLN 52 mln in H1.
The Art That Threatened Art Art Photography from 1840s1880s , (21 Mar25 Apr).
Hungary 1-month, 3-month BUBOR rates remain steady.
You cannot make an omelet without breaking eggs.
At the postmortem, further injuries were discovered.
However bank statements and a mortgage statement will be required.
He who flees, proves himself guilty.
It would be different if the rest of the sum demanded had been paid.
Let those pater nosters be for your own soul. (Ironical, against swearing.)
It was a sunny day and Gorman's head was glistening in the sun.
He is rich enough who is contented.
Away goes the devil when he finds the door shut against him.
Tony Copsey requires an ear operation (Get Well card from Neil Francis?
PRESS DIGEST - Sri Lanka Newspapers - August 26.
He that keeps out of harm's way will gather goodly riches.
Albert Geldard, footballer, died Bury, Lancashire aged 75.
Have you forgiven me for calling you carrots?
The principle was extended by the Sensurround system (57).
RESEARCH ALERT - BioChem Pharma raised.
Have a bill to pay at Easter, and your Lent will be short.
There never was an old slipper but there was an old stocking to match it.
But neither course was considered prudent by Bejing and Downing Street.
L. to r. unidentified Italian pilot; Lt. Wenzel (JG27); Oblt.
Children and fools Shouldn't play with edged tools.
A little absence does much good.
Af , you're ow , you're doing the le the levels now?
It was called the Swan and was always busy.
Have you heard the term before?
I give my life, oh God, into your hands.
NZ June qtr PPI inputs, outputs both fall 0.2 pct.
They are rich who have friends.
An inch too short is as bad as an ell.
They do, however, insist that you keep your clothes on.
My friend's enemy is often my best friend.
Fiat to recall 6,000 Alpha Romeos.
Stagnant waters putrefy.
The highest branch is not the safest roost.
He who fears every bramble should not go to the woods.
Britain's Tarmac to upgrade Aden refinery.
Timah at 16.34 in London at 0833 GMT.
If the rich could hire someone else to die for them, the poor would make a wonderful living.
The omission is likely to be spotted by at least some members.
Don't make an oven of your cap or a garden of your belly.
She also appeared in her own one-woman show in Yiddish, Hello, Molly!
Dutch closing debt market report.
I left Simon but I had very good reason to, as you know.
Life would be too smooth if it had no rubs in it.
I would be most grateful for any assistance offered.
Robert Ellwood's furniture will be featuring on next month's cover (bottom)
Live with vultures, become a vulture; live with crows, become a crow.
Officials now warn that fuel supplies could be seriously disrupted this winter.
In full soft pink-and-white twilight blossom:
She said, What am I thinking about?
Childhood was a far cry away.
Page America Group Inc Q2 loss narrows.
We cannot all be Pope of Rome.
Halcyon buys 5.31 pct of Circo Craft.
Support for him is slowly growing among influential Tories.
Secondly, there was a preoccupation with teaching materials and teaching methods (specially innovatory ones).
Sports Diary: Football: Dress rehearsal suited to Italy
Maps and illustrations also help to bring it alive.
Are closures of patient areas for cleaning and decorating known well in advance?
We never profit by the gifts of the wicked.
I travelled back to London in high spirits for the big meeting in Hungary.
A sword anointed with honey.
Falcons don't fly after cage-birds.
Listen or your tongue will keep you deaf.
Have but few friends though much acquaintance.
Casey's General Stores Inc Q1 July 31 net.
Let him not complain of being cheated who buys cloth by the pattern.
667 in the judgment of the court delivered by Slade L.J.
But it gave an added attraction to the plenary session anyway.
Friends may meet, but mountains never greet.
It is a blessing in disguise.
Opposition to appeal Lebanon election results.
If a man is destined to drown, he will drown even in a spoonful of water.
An empty purse, and a finished house, make a man wise, but too late.
Profits were fractionally down at 8 million.
U.S. exports of major commodities.
Sweat makes good mortar.
Three brothers, three castles.
'Tis sweet at certain times to drop the sage.
Speak, that I may see thee.
One is never too old to yearn.
The right answer to a fool is silence.
SIGNED BY))) on behalf of the Author)
Republican whip predicts 1996 party sweep.
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
Not all are asleep who have their eyes shut.
A jackdaw among the muses.
Takamizawa -96/97 parent forecast.
Eventually it should be quite sufficient to weigh yourself once every week or two.
WPP settles for 7m dollars in Lord Geller action
News and current affairs will remain a no-go zone for sponsors.
So in the same village, there would be two different sorts of time.
The impact on the Vicariate of Solidarity was even more violent.
for a good face-lift one thousand pounds.
When captured he was carrying a Browning automatic pistol.
PRESS DIGEST - Indian newspapers - August 21.
She held the tape recorder in the air triumphantly.
Ask my chum if I am a thief.
5.3 Single-subject degree or postgraduate conversion courses
That snipping is absolutely essential to allow the final virus to assemble.
As princes fiddle, subjects must dance.
The New Testament is full of signs of the emotional engagement of its writers.
Oil World sees sharply lower E. Europe rape crops.
Dixi I have spoken (And that&acute;s that)
Robbins &amp; Myers files to offer notes.
SOCCER-DISAPPOINTING AJAX SLUMP 2-0 AT HEERENVEEN.
Does it work better on stage or screen?
One tale is good till another is told.
It is a bad hen that lays her eggs away from the farm.
CRICKET-PAKISTAN 229-1 V ENGLAND - close.
Budget hopes boost Australian stocks at open.
CME pork bellies end up after wild late trade.
NWE straight-run fuel - touch easier with crude.
New era dawns as British utility watchdogs bite.
It is inexcusable to have remained long away, and return empty-handed.
The devil was sick, the Devil a saint would be; the Devil was well, the devil a saint was he.
The Englishmen waited all winter at Cape Evans.
NYNEX ACQUIRES THREE CABLE FRANCHISE COMPANIES
Let them be birds. (Small eggs make little soup.)
Robin-Anne ate stolidly on, while poor Thessy looked terrified.
And we'll keep our dear old Green Gables!
If you need further help or information contact them direct.
The pleasures we enjoy are lost by coveting more.
CRICKET-ENGLAND WIN TOSS AND ELECT TO BAT IN THIRD TEST.
One rotten egg spoils the whole pudding.
If you can think of something do it.
He who can lick can bite.
'Tis hard to swim against the stream.
Policing the street was the bedrock of urban policing.
Give me a child for the first seven years, and you may do what you like with him afterwards.
No one so hard upon the poor as the pauper who has got into power.
There are statements from police officers who were involved.
Asia seen having appetite for Internet banking.
the most beautiful and fragrant flowers of any kind of shrub yet known.
They meet, and make plans for the next day.
This make-up of the audience will be, in fact, as shown in Figure 11.3.
He opens the door with an ax.
My money, your money, let us go to the tavern.
If you had fifty pence and
Who knows most says least.
He who prizes little things, is worthy of great ones.
Lose an hour in the morning and you'll be all day hunting for it.
Frugality is a great revenue.
There is hope from the sea, but none from the grave.
Much cry and little wool.
Rejoiced in youth, repented in age.
Where poverty comes in at the door, loves flies out at the window.
The highest seat will not hold more than one.
He has held the position on a part-time basis for the past few months.
Netscape, Apple to develop new Navigator.
It is the duty of a good sportsman to kill game freely, but not kill all.
PRESS DIGEST - SWITZERLAND - AUGUST 26.
Can you hand it back at the airport?
Yugo Zastava workers' protest enters 2nd week.
The following appointments have also been made.
Indian metals steady in light trade.
What's going to happen has already happened in space, he announced.
Cream doesn't rise to the top, it works its way up.
No one ever became poor through giving alms.
No matter how far you have gone on the wrong road, turn back.
Who sows thorns should not go barefoot.
When bale is hext, boot is next.
Why not try ten, Martins Court, near Leicester Square?
The more you court a clown the statelier he grows.
It is ill waiting for dead men's shoes.
Pakistan's Dawood Hercules H1 net rises.
Next, it is said that the volume of documents is very large.
Jaguar's classy convertibles start at 41,200, albeit with V12 power.
Small pitchers have wide ears.
Long ago and far away still rings true in my memory.
Total cuts crude runs at two French refineries.
What do you no longer believe in?
Sickness comes in haste, and goes at leisure.
A man without a smiling face must not open shop.
Any problem as far as he's concerned?
But they don't believe in the notion,
Jurong Shipyard cautious about second half.
The second conclusion was that involvement in innovation was both wearing and stretching.
WACC works with ecumenical agencies that share its aims.
Suspicion of outside money, even from the PLO, remained deep.
Instruction in youth is like engraving in stone.
Late German grain harvest to delay winter sowings.
Security tight ahead of Indonesian court case.
Indonesia criticises report on F-16 sale hitch.
I have also heard of Yale
Indian call eases on reports of cash reserve cut.
Chairs sink and stools rise.
Lisbon police said about a third of the 121 sailors detained were British.
Eastern Cornbelt hogs carcass close - USDA.
Carmarthen, Lammas Street seasonal (0267) 231557.
And, as Secord noted, it kept the Iranians confused.
An old man never wants a tale to tell.
The name was that of Mayor Albert Lindsay Parkinson.
Newbridge stock soars on solid earnings.
Looked as if someone had pulled out the HT lead, actually.
Fletcher Building raises annual profit.
Microsoft Corp's NT is now being touted for the second quarter of 1993.
Mexico's Minsa reports H1 sales of 993 mln pesos.
Romania oil workers cancel indefinite strike.
(Prices then plunged 40% in the first free-market auctions for 17 years.)
You can't bind a cloud even with copper chains.
He points out that our veins have one-way valves in them.
The bus passengers were watching it all.
Every copy signed by the author
I'm sure there's nothing to worry about.
Needles and pins, pins and needles, When a man's married his trouble begins.
An abundance of money ruins youth.
RESEARCH ALERT - Refripar still a buy.
Good people always float to the top.
(Kanda v. Government of Malaya (P.C., 1962)).
It is only at this point that the style gets locked in.
That unease had already been there over their previous BBC project, Christabel.
you've heard a lot of wisdom on this programme tonight
Praising is not loving.
The devil rebukes sin.
Analysts hold Dutch PTT estimates.
Ability to exchange gases while giving adequate thermal insulation
Go and visit the marchioness to-morrow and tell her the story.
Breeding Piranha a reader's success with this difficult project.
Success isn't how far you got, but the distance you traveled from where you started.
I'll go and have a look at them.
TENNIS-TUESDAY'S FEATURED MATCHES AT U.S. OPEN.
Cowley Cty USD 470, Kan., won by George K. Baum.
The devil gets up to the belfry by the vicar's skirts.
In the country of the blind the one eyed man is king.
We have all been fools in our time.
For him who does not believe in signs, there is no way to live in the world.
She is fond of him--on the side where the pocket hangs.
No man is a hero in the eyes of his valet.
All we can hold in our cold dead hands is what we have given away.
57 Sensationalist promotion of a new film and a new experience.
The wood is durable, and extremely resistant to preservative treatment.
He had his two-year-old son strapped in the back seat of his car.
ALANDSBANKEN SEES SMALLER 96 CREDIT LOSSES.
Sprint Spectrum sets two-part debt deal.
That, of course, is if the BMC still exists in its present form.
The place will be a veritable Who's Who.
CME traders say USDA data bullish for pork bellies.
RTRS-Howard says Australia budget checks inflation.
March many weathers.
PROCESS SOFTWARE ANNOUNCES NFS CLIENT FOR UCX
They build houses but shall not inhabit them.
I'll bear that in mind, said Joe, giving up any thoughts of work.
Home, dear home, small as thou art, to me thou art a palace.
The mouse that hath but one hold is soon caught.
Silks and satins put our the kitchen fire.
Hong Kong people scramble to join China panel.
A layer of dust seems less important now that the years are numbered.
As a result, males in these species are usually noticeably larger than the females.
Albania's Berisha pledges commitment to free vote.
China Jan-July aluminium exports plunge 56.2 pct.
PICK WINS LAST BATTLE IN U.S. TRADEMARK DISPUTE.
One penny in the pot (money-box) makes more noise than when it is full.
The praise of fools is censure in disguise.
Wolverine names Thomas Roller pres and CEO.
He delved deeper in Judi's memories.
We think of our modern road system as very complex.
SOLIDERE to list on Beirut bourse by Oct.
Brazil Senate to vote alternative Brady bond bill.
They said this is the way of the world.
He who has come to the mill first does not grind last.
Nashville Country Q2 proforma net loss shrinks.
I wouldn't repeat what I said, not to anybody.
In the long run the Nazis made the Danzigers their willing victims.
It signifies nothing to play well if you lose.
I was thinking in terms of between thirty-five and forty-five.
I had to see if it was true, said Masklin.
LCE cocoa ends firmer but off highs after options - August 21.
Poverty and hunger have many learned disciples.
Better an empty house than an ill tenant.
One daughter helps to marry the other.
First silicon could be available by the end of the year.
The egg will be more knowing than the hen.
Tri-County CSD, Iowa, won by Harris Trust.
He is nobody's enemy but his own.
China futures markets shrink on crackdown.
RTRS-Budget hits Queensland hard, says Borbidge.
Volvo in huge asset swap deal.
Man loves but once.
A lame traveller should get out betimes.
Its gold has rubbed off on me a little.
Moreover, many activities do little else than test word knowledge rather than teach it.
HAVE you heard the voice of Shropshire's Youth?
Toro posts record third-quarter results.
People's Bank to redeem series A prfrd.
But his first comments were guarded.
Virtue and happiness are mother and daughter.
Vehicles that evolved a bottlenecked life cycle prospered, and became more discrete and vehicle-like.
It took only a few minutes to pack their belongings.
Pakistani rupee closing rates in kerb market.
CompuServe reports loss, cutting work force.
A foul mouth must be provided with a strong back.
Nightmare for kidnapped Belgian girl's parents.
Of evils, choose the least.
RTRS-Howard hopes for further Australia rate cut.
Lots of old posters on the wall.
We do not walk on our legs, but on our will.
A woman hath nine lives like a cat.
ROMANIA SEES 1996 ECONOMIC GROWTH AT 4.8 PCT.
No evidence was seen of restriction of digestion to the tips of the incisors.
RTRS - Australia breeds fruit fly to cut pesticides.
Shares in Boskalis give up some gains.
You won't get stickers or transfers.
Nothing so bad but it might have been worse.
His promotion to Air Vice-Marshal soon followed.
Now West overcalled with One Spade.
Letter to the Editor: Foolish courage?
A young ewe and an old ram, every year bring forth a lamb.
There is no right way to do a wrong thing.
And I think much more discourse is required.
Pain is forgotten where gain comes.
He knocks boldly at the door who brings a welcome message.
was only after then, only after actually threatening property that the ad was dropped.
Grozny quiet overnight after raids.
Far East gold prices seen rallying into Q4.
A man is judged by his deeds, not by his words.
The advertisements must also specify that the loan is secured on the home.
I'm already late and so are you eight minutes late.
You cannot unscramble eggs.
One poison is cured by another.
Every medal has its reverse.
She ate so many she looked like a prickly pincushion.
Jade and men, both are sharpened by bitter tools.
It is not with saying, "Honey," "Honey," that sweetness will come into the mouth.
A little man sometimes casts a long shadow.
USL PRESIDENT AND NEW BOSS EXPLAIN ISSUES
Falsehood never tires of going round about.
I sat down by the table and lifted the pot.
Cattle stealing was an institution which provided benefits to different groups.
To-day's sorrow brings nought to-morrow.
Japan 3-mth CD rate falls to near two-month low.
Next year, it says, it will have a transaction processing offering.
One to one, and two to the devil.
TENNIS-MONDAY'S FEATURED MATCHES AT THE U.S. OPEN.
Row over Onassis inheritance reaches Greek courts.
You'd look different out of uniform.
Then, as abruptly as it had pitched camp, the caravan moved on.
Desmond Douglas and Nicky Mason are ranked next behind Cooke.
He that handles thorns shall prick his fingers.
It is not expected to be commercialised.
CYCLING-RELUCTANT INDURAIN TO TAKE PART IN TOUR OF SPAIN.
A timid man has little chance.
Adversity makes strange bedfellows.
Susan Barrett and Colin Fudge's Policy and Action is also an important source.
Time can seem scarce to spend on these projects.
You may ding the deil into a wife, but you'll never ding him out of her.
China EB-IHD year net returns to profit.
Jordan delays start of school year after riots.
The bird once out of hand is hard to recover.
The injurer never forgets.
He hates me, and I hate him right back.
The shooting, her face, her eyes, the feeling of being dead.
Swap for 59 Bassman or Vibroverb reissue.
The clartier the cosier.
Be angry with a murderer, but keep your compassion for his victim.
I shall therefore make the declarations sought.
Fine words don't fill the belly.
MOF says to watch economy before any extra budget.
Desire nothing that would bring disgrace.
Fire and faggot are but sad reformers.
Married life without children is as the day deprived of the sun's rays.
The site of Chesterfield Central during construction of the Inner Relief Road in 1985.
proprietor of the King's Arms and Royal Hotel, Lancaster.
I have mostly worked as a researcher, writer or teacher.
He who lies down with dogs gets up with fleas.
On 1 January 1987 you conducted the New Year's Day Concert in Vienna.
It is good to sleep in a whole skin.
U.S., EU seen behind Hungary-Romania treaty.
The hen that stays at home picks up the crumbs.
DISTRIBUTION ARRANGEMENTS FOR BLACKSTAFF PRESS BOOKS
PhyMatrix sees Q2 in line with estimates.
Hanging about waiting to die is not my idea of a good answer!
But Mr Dwyer refused to put a figure on the provisions.
Those are people who have made you, carved you, produced you.
Elena Ceauescu in particular was surprisingly superstitious for a scientist.
Finland Bank tender rate unchanged at new 3.25 pct.
What the eye sees not the heart rues not.
THE SPORT SIDE - DUTCH CHAMPS AJAX OUT OF SORTS.
Bank of Japan drains 400 bln yen from market.
All yields unchanged on Lebanese treasury bills.
Unaccustomed to wear them, he displays the breeches he has on to every one he meets.
Better to struggle with a sick jackass than carry the wood by yourself.
Even employers gave a lukewarm response to the jobs proposals.
Ending a mid-summer fling, coffee prices tumble.
These suggested guidelines are of course not comprehensive.
Who accepts nothing has nothing to return.
Egypt shares edge up, flotations sideline traders.
It is a good answer which knows when to stop.
If the glands secreted sweat rather than scent, that hints at thermoregulation, or warm-bloodedness.
It's the same donkey, but with a new saddle.
Sands Regent sues Mississippi authorities.
When Greek meets Greek, then comes the tug of war.
Alliance Communications Q1 shr dips.
High rates, economic woes liability to Seoul stocks.
Night has no friend.
Make sure to send a lazy man for the Angel of Death.
Tokyo stocks end sharply down on sparse turnover.
To promise much means giving little.
Any discussion on this particular addendum?
This results in a quite misguided emphasis.
IPO PRICING - Metro One at $8.50.
Fed seen wary of raising US rates before election.
Order not to be enforced without leave of High Court.
Muriel, said Jasper, was leaving No. 45 She was going to begin work.
Fina Rome refinery trims runs due to poor margins.
If there is no reason, why would the tempua bird nest on the low branches?
FCL Forests year profit rises to NZ$74 mln.
On every small pretext the wolf seizes the sheep.
FISERV TO ACQUIRE ASSETS OF IPC SERVICE CORP
One day is as good as two for him who does everything in its place.
The Arts: Comic study of gold fever
It is our prayer that the prevailing progress on human rights will be sustained.
He was also a past president of the National Hellenic Research Foundation.
RTRS-FORECAST-News yr profit seen stagnant.
A fu purse never lacks freends.
Kansas City, Mo., $45 mln Water revs won by Piper.
We are invited to be open to the choices each of them represents.
Erm no I think I've got about two weeks off.
What I want is to hold his hand in public.
It's a feast for the eyes, mind and heart.
The difference is wide that the sheets will not decide.
Two great talkers will not travel far together.
The lending bonanza of the 197381 period is over.
First, the first thing, the very beginning words.
Slovak foreign trade gap widens as imports surge.
An ill-tempered dog has a scarred nose.
Man fools himself. He prays for a long life and he fears old age.
Abbreviations: WT, wild type; Ph, phenyl; M, p-methoxyphenyl.
Dolly weakens, heads into Gulf of Mexico.
To violate the law is the same crime in the emperor as in the subject.
So will you all get round to your limerick's please ladies.
China says sugar prices rebound on reserve plan.
To-day is Yesterday's pupil.
China cuts jail term of IMF staffer after new trial.
Possession is the grave of pleasure.
A fisherman once stung will be wiser.
The appellants were not being questioned by police officers acting as such.
Sigma 38: 1 Bluebird of Burnham 7.09.34.
Put no faith in a drunkard's prophecy, another man's dog, or the weather at any season.
Time past never returns.
The purple curtains opened themselves, and the green fire slipped between them.
RTRS-Australian Stock Exchange posts surplus rise.
Yet again by popular demand, guitar styles of the Mississippi delta.
NORTECH SYSTEMS LOOKING TO ACQUIRE SOME CUSTOM COMPUTER CABLE ASSETS
Women's tears are a fountain of craft.
Experience without learning is better than learning without experience.
The older, the colder; the more avaricious, the more vicious.
Gold has its price; learning is beyond price.
In too much disputing truth is lost.
U.S. Treasury balances at Fed rose on Aug 27.
Great boast. little roast.
Where there's no jealousy, there's no love.
EU's Van Miert, Germany's Rexrodt meet on VW aid.
Hang him that hath no shift and him that hath one too many.
USDA gross cutout hide and offal value.
Zimbabwe's Affretair to boost winter capacity.
British economy stable but haunted by spectre of past.
I know no more that the man in the moon about it.
Political reactions within Northern Ireland differed yesterday.
You have married a beauty? So much the worse for you.
Only he ran out of time.
Better () patient does not convalesce, complains that sitting, lying.
The committees, which he saw as aspiring to mediocrity, had betrayed him.
He was so clever and so ugly.
One can imagine a Soviet general fuming to see it around her neck.
E German leaders set limit to reform
South Korean students end occupation of campus.
Let me just finish this off.
ECONOSTO FIRST-HALF PROFIT RISES.
Tropical Storm Dolly forms in Caribbean.
Now Iggy's a real cool dude
India's STC, Pakistan seek palm oil - traders.
AccuStaff buys Career Horizons for $1 billion.
Thirteen fifty what how much i
SWIMMING-OLYMPIC HERO POPOV STABBED IN MOSCOW.
A ship on the beach is a lighthouse to the sea.
The acknowledged current expert, G. M. Glaskin, has written extensively about the subject.
Who speaks, sows; who listens, reaps.
Harry was far better off with a really nice, loving girl like Cora-Beth.
The judge was, of course, right.
Finally, let us take a pre-Heseltine witness from the inside track.
Mercury are rushing a further 46 payphones to the Gulf.
Australian GDP rises 0.1 pct in June qtr.
Be master of mind rather than mastered by mind.
Each has a free choice from four locations within the grid.
Malaysia Leader in China copper venture.
This season's record output has been the result of exceptional weather and yields.
Chateau says no decision on merger offers.
DUTCH GOVERNMENT TO BOOST ORGANIC FARMING SECTOR.
He burns the candle at both ends.
Vice is nourished by concealment.
Don't take any wooden nickles.
A mackerel sky and mare's tails Make lofty ships carry low sails.
UK shares open steady, look to M4, FOMC meeting.
Kaifa plans US$40 mln venture with IBM.
Anyway, GPs are not trained for either of these.
Now, instead of trying to pull against him, she offered him the handle.
Truth is stranger than fiction.
Oh I didn't know that, I thought the army was
Do mothers have a right to select the sex of their babies?
FSA qualifies San Clemente, Calif., bond issue.
Who lives by hope will die by hunger.
Japanese foreign minister arrives in Jordan.
Mississippi Chemical to buy First Miss unit.
Shares tumble after Wall Street slump.
Drive not too many ploughs at once, some will make foul work.
Thus there are major differences between the SDP and both the two major parties.
Do come to stay just not with us
He that would hang his dog, gives out first, that he is mad.
It it's a bit misty alright fair enough that's a property.
Nothing have, nothing crave.
Clinton backs interim system to track sex offenders.
Entertainment, of course, is an extremely general term.
Troy is a thing of the past.
Courtesy that is all on one side cannot last long.
SOCCER-GOTHENBURG PUT FERENCVAROS OUT OF EURO CUP.
We built up a projection of Theresa, and Theresa's cancer became very real.
ING cuts Telegraaf 1997 EPS forecast.
So where does this leave us or, more precisely, me?
But foreknowledge meant more choices for Spiderglass to take away.
I have considered each of those submissions and I reject each of them.
Red Lion in talks with Doubletree.
After a while I married, and had three children, two sons and a daughter.
How easily persuaded are you by advertising?
Because the enthusiast must be constrained, the sceptic must be led.
Why do you keep a room like this?
Great boasters, little doers.
Verdict on investment bank integration still open.
The cow is milked, not the ox; the sheep is shorn, not the horse.
But it did serve another purpose.
Netscape, others launch Internet affiliate.
All existing athletics records could be broken.
Sitting is being crippled.
AdvTech buys college for 6.1 million rand.
Courage is ten, nine is the ability to escape.
Better aught than nought.
Maxus hopes for amicable Ecuador resolve. [CORRECTED 22/8/96]
Unfortunately this kind of therapy is not available free within the NHS.
Will there be anything more, sir?
It has some 70 inhabitants and it has no shop and no public house.
Malaysia Tenaga to offer &quot;rebates&quot;.
Young pigs grunt as old pigs grunted before them.
It is these contexts which provide the contexts for social attitudes.
RTRS-Foster's reviews Elliott civil case.
But that doesn't mean you should just wait and hope.
U.S. orders retaliatory Cuban expulsion.
Whittaker Corp Q3 shr falls to loss.
The good die first: And those, whose hearts are dry as summer dust, Burn to the socket.
Bank/Portugal says no demand for nine-day certs.
One reader was reminded of a more practical book: Florida's Road Kill Cookbook.
The knowledge of sin is the beginning of salvation.
You are talking to a stone.
Let no shovel-beaked bird ever enter your yard.
If that's the night's business, I'm going home.
No wisdom to silence.
Well we want to say there is hope.
The meals themselves are designed to cater for all tastes.
God permits, but not for ever.
From the sublime to the ridiculous is only one step.
Integrated Communication Q2 net loss.
NOKIA ADS OPENS AT $41-1/2 IN NEW YORK.
NZ ADRs mixed as Dow ends 29 points lower.
To promote enterprise by companies large and small, and to help create more jobs.
The chain of events I sparked off nearly led to my untimely demise.
The Scot will not fight till he sees his own blood.
A table friend is changeable.
Where remedies are needed, sighing avails not.
To-morrow is the pupil of to-day.
They take a long day that never pay.
GUS leads UK retailers up amid short squeeze.
The abbey does not fail for want on one monk.
W. German Ifo business climate index jumps in July.
God preserve you from one who eats without drinking.
Mongolia says cholera under control, 106 infected.
If all men were just, there would be no need of valour.
In addition to being a parish priest Fr.
Don't talk Latin before the Franciscans.
When the fires burned down, Jesse was afraid.
Calif Treasurer sells debt for foundation, hospital.
The third aspect to this book is it's 40-page recipe section.
That is, go and do it!
He who gives when he is asked has waited too long.
Necessity knows no law.
The deceased, at that time, was sitting in the front passenger seat.
She hasn't spoken to her since.
It's to be held in Manchester by local churches and YWAM.
Paracelsus, Champion complete merger.
FORMER ASHTON-TATE MAN GOES TO CREATIVE LABS
The Concept of the Created God, Offered to Young People
Among walnuts only the empty one speaks.
Hungary's gross foreign debt rises in June.
Hyundai to enter mini-car market in '97.
No deadline set for Rwandans' return - UN official.
CIG-WH places 40 mln shrs at HK$1.25 each.
Make your son you heir and not your steward.
Your instruction to the bank, and signature.
Each resort area offers a comprehensive programme of sightseeing excursions and entertainment.
This, of course would have to be seen.
EU early season grain export figures down sharply.
No dish pleases all palates alike.
which cambers arrogantly past the Mechanics' Institute,
One of the signs of spring to come
Isuzu Construction - 1996 parent forecast.
The fox said the grapes were sour.
Pakistani rupee closing rates in kerb market.
It figures they can get a thousand out over three years.
Respondeat superior Let the superior answer
Honours change manners.
Don't judge any man until you have walked two moons in his moccasins.
Bradford has reservations on NZ Forest Corp sale.
AT&amp;T certified to local phone service in Ohio.
Kerry says trading in line with targets.
to find the symbols of his profession
Customers are jade; merchandise is grass.
When the wolf grows old the crows ride him.
FOMC decision unlikely to move forex - Japan source.
Mongolia bans beef in north after anthrax epidemic.
And Nathan said unto David: "Thou art the man."
Japan invites Arafat for official visit.
I'd give it three stars, or (as Michelin says) vaut le detour.
But the brothers have faith in the product's future.
Andrew Baird's preference is for poached seabass with langoustine mousse
A parallel universe, mutually incompatible, like matter and anti-matter.
OfficeMax says complaint withdrawn.
You cannot make bricks without straw.
He that hath no money needeth no purse.
But permanent illness is more difficult than injury.
Hasten leisurely.
PRESS DIGEST - Denmark - Aug 20.
Kinkel to study charges linking murders to Tehran.
What experiences of spiritual direction have I found helpful in my own life?
He that picks up all sorts of wood, soon gets an armful.
We took him with us to Simla, and what a blessing he was.
The worth of a thing Is what it will bring.
JOAN of Arc in Preston for a day!
A covetous man does nothing that he should till he dies.
He added his own voice as yet another narrator.
Exbud rights first leg 37 pct subscribed.
One then posed the question whether fairness required any additional procedural safeguards.
You are looking for wings in a wolf. [You hunt for impossibilities.]
The more fools, the more laughter.
Ask the residents to teach you games they know.
Several natural antibiotics are also macrocyclic and work by metal binding.
Make good flour, and do not blow the trumpet.
Stick that on your average desktop.
Acerinox raises prices, H1 profit falls.
B. The limestone is in hard solid blocks with clearly marked joints.
He thinks not well that thinks not again.
I hoped she would ask me to stay.
It has seventeen floors, ten above the ground, and seven under the ground.
No one perceives where the shoe pinches but he who wears it.
He who goes to collect wool may come back shorn.
John Godfrey on the welcome Nineties confusion about sexual identity
The roaring lion kills no game.
They could buy a further 41,000 tonnes.
It is hard to blow with a full mouth.
It was not an order that was available simply by way of agreement.
It will also be passing leads on to OEMs.
All people are your relatives, therefore expect only trouble from them.
Weekly NOPA soybean crush trade estimates.
Santen Pharm to issue 20 bln yen CB.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is today.
I would like to pay by Access/Visa Please debit my Account Signature
It is time that Mr Lawson was targeted with all his friends.
TENNIS-RESULTS AT CANADIAN OPEN.
But A-levels are much admired for their depth and rigour.
In particular, the implicit counter-themes, and indeed counter-counter-themes, are potentially of great theoretical interest.
As the man is worth his land is worth.
Netscape Navio have separate focus -- Clark.
A word of kindness is better than a fat pie.
He succeeds Thor Uller who is now working with the World Bank in Paris.
RTRS-Australia base metal producer prices - Aug 22.
to restore or create a regular toileting regime.
This is the largest gallery and the farthest South found in the Survey.
Deceit and treachery make no man rich.
This way to the wedding party, it read, arrows pointing to a distant farmhouse.
Drop in violations reported in Lebanese election.
The lives of doctors, the souls of priests, and the property of lawyers, are in great danger.
Acx Technologies to make acquisitions.
FOCUS - Dow, rate cut boost London stocks to record.
Travelers gets MetraHealth proceeds.
Singapore shares end up, speculators at play.
In these types of club, the trainers are trained rather than the dogs.
Malaysia Aug palm oil output seen up seven pct.
I said, completing my unfinished enquiry.
He that borrows must pay again with sham or loss.
Lie to us boldly, straight down the line,
Four things put a man beside himself--women, tobacco, cards, and wine.
He is joint fifth top scorer in the First Division with 16 tries.
A customary railer is the devil's bagpipe, which the world danceth after.
How it happens is another matter, and apparently undecided.
Sister Evangelista Nite, Divine Word Institute, ,
The inquiry is headed by John Stevens, the Deputy Chief Constable of Cambridgeshire.
IBCA affirms Italian foreign currency ratings.
Nought needs no hiding-place.
You pay more for your schooling than your learning is worth.
Mr Craven put his hands on the boy's shoulders.
RTRS-PRESS DIGEST-Australian General News -Aug 27.
Your paying twice for the same service. .
Married couples who love each other tell each other a thousand things without talking.
It was time to make some attempt to look for him.
It was here that the kings of Hungary were presented to the people.
The wine-skin has its reasons for smelling of pitch.
Let not you shirt know your secret.
Sudanese passengers coming for treatment - airline.
He who does not show himself, is overlooked.
When the ship has sunk everyone knows how she might have been saved.
Nigeria says Commonwealth visit not to be inquiry.
Water does not run under a lying stone.
Patience is power; with time and patience the mulberry becomes silk.
Blend the edges into the eye line.
Marry a mountain girl and you marry the whole mountain.
You must howl with wolves if you wish to be one of their herd.
The 17,315 V6 Cloverleaf has 192bhp, and a catalytic converter is standard-fit.
If it erm sucks the water up if you're not careful it must.
One can speak and seven can sing.
Vice is most dangerous when it puts on the garb of virtue.
To have been silent never does harm, but to have spoken does.
India approves United International unit.
Men are as old as they fell, and women as they look.
He left the trailer at Dover and returned home.
Kevorkian activity alarms critics, supporters.
Got one blue one and one green one.
Varig cargo manager resigns after poor H1.
Where friars abound keep your eyes open.
The third question is How does this evidence fit into the rest of it?
Whatever is to be a nettle, burns early.
Original Engineering -1996 parent forecast.
WEEK AHEAD-Japan data, U.S. politics up for review.
Solicitors: Crown Prosecution Service, Headquarters; Reynolds Dawson.
I'm glad I went sad I missed you
They know me now in the London Road and that's great.
BOE gives UK money market 489 mln stg further help.
When the transfer has been completed you should continue as follows:
What is the name given to orange-peel skin?
Where the carcass is, there shall the eagles be gathered together.
I've put two very faint white lines there in white.
No day so long but has its evening.
RTRS-Australian dlr fades as samurai fails to show.
Someone was standing on the parapet, leaning over and looking down.
Quaker Oat Bran Crispies are no exception.
Furthermore, the detailed picture is much more complicated than the trajectory might suggest.
One cannot be at the oven and the mill at the same time.
ComEd sees Ill. nuke back on line Tuesday.
None can guess the jewel by the casket.
Firstly, there are very big variations in the number of titles added per library.
That was a rise of 13% over 1989.
Evans Environmental Corp Q1 full results.
Brazil BR Distribuidora Jan-July net down.
It looks like she's going to last for a lot more than that.
Two wrongs don't make a right.
It produced a tiny blue flash.
Equity Law finally recommended acceptance of the 448m takeover by the French group.
Brazil Jan-July foreign investment $5.013 bln.
New York grain freight fixtures - August 26.
In 1989 the Adjudication Committee dealt with 2729 cases.
Trust not a dog that limps.
Who judges others, condemns himself.
And I'll have to teach you precisely how to sign them up.
Push the number of main bed needles given in pattern to working position.
The Right Team for Britain's Future was the conference slogan.
Ericsson wins 260 mln SKR Hong Kong order.
Suffolk Bancorp sets qtly $0.30/shr.
Laws control the lesser man; right conduct controls the greater one.
It's not dangerous, but it makes food unappetising or even inedible.
Where'er an ass is crown'd to fame, both town and country bear the shame.
Teck to determine gain on DFR stake.
A dog that will fetch a bone will carry a bone.
For most it was the air they breathed.
Er it will be at ten.
He walked out and never came back.
Rentokil H1 pretax profits soar 35.6 pct.
At each generation the unfilled, negative area between the circles is the Apollonian Gasket.
A woman's mind and winter wind change oft.
Taiwan central bank to inject funds on Tuesday.
Some people have struck lucky this way, but not me.
Nothing so bold as a blind mare.
Mafioso's move could devastate Mob if genuine.
Not that he'd go, but he would have helped anyone who wanted to.
I've chased more people off than the security has.
Seagram to merge its two U.S. wines cos.
More valuable is James Woodhouse who reversed the pattern of Duck's career.
Pray for the impact of Blasphemous Rumours to set people free.
Mobil to sign $2.3bln oil deal with Lagoven.
It is no use crying over spilt milk.
RTRS-Cochlear year net profit A$10.86 mln.
One hurt in shooting at Mexico law official's home.
Eliot had not altogether left behind his earlier anthropological interests.
London LIFFE futures APT closing prices.
Foreigners sell Canadian securities in June.
VIDEOCART TO LICENSE TECHNOLOGY IN SPAIN
Why do some men find it easier to get along with big-busted, mindless blondes?
In a calm sea, every man is a pilot.
What if an employee works during the Maternity Pay Period (MPP)?
Israeli president agrees to meet Arafat.
RTRS-LAST QUOTES - Australian Eurobond benchmarks.
New Zealand air controllers to strike Sept 9.
Giff gaff makes good friends.
Ask too much to get enough.
Kylie is not afraid to explore all styles.
These are probably made worse by post-natal depression and feelings of loneliness.
If he did, she'd wait for him forever.
Silence is golden, speech is silver.
Mony sma's mak a great.
ParcPlace founder Adele Goldberg shifts to chairman.
Send a fool to close the shutters and he'll close them all over town.
HUNGARY RADIO NOON HEADLINES - AUG 22.
The Cardiff Catonbased locomotive was modified in 1986 .
GREEK XIOSBANK CUTS DEPOSIT RATES BY 50 BASIS PTS.
St. Matthie sends say into the tree.
With regard to the search for consensus the results are often contradictory.
Uny -96/97 parent forecast.
Atria, Pure Software merge.
Goodbye, Millin Tha gradh ogam ort (I love you).
Better a mischief than an inconvenience.
Insects do not nest in a busy door-hinge.
Fortune to one is mother, to another step-mother.
Better to deny at once, than to promise long.
It is largely a matter of cost.
Credit Lyonnais sets Wheelock warrants.
Point mutations were created by oligonucleotide-mediated site-directed mutagenesis and confirmed by DNA sequencing.
Excellent people are honored wherever they go.
Mexico's 28-day Cetes rate 24.38 at auction.
He measures others with his own yard.
One drink is just right; two is too many; three are too few.
Spanish olive oil industry set for 1997 revival.
Even reckoning makes long friends.
When love is not madness, it is not love. [Sp., Cuando amor no es locura, no es amor.]
Better an open enemy than a false friend.
He who begins badly, ends badly.
Thoughts are toll-free, but not hell-free.
Sarah (Lori Cardille) is also a scientist, but she looks for understanding without success.
America's narrow-money growth remained at 4.0% in the year to January.
The anvil fears no blows.
PRESS DIGEST - Slovenia - Aug 23.
But how many people even knew what a cellular phone was seven years ago.
Times change and we with time.
And that's just what they did.
A little pot is soon hot.
God made us, and we admire ourselves.
Give Charity my love, bags of it.
Reinforcements sent to battle wildfires in Oregon.
Did it involve th , I mean a spray can or er
When a twig grows hard it is difficult to twist it. Every beginning is weak.
So your position is dependent on the rest of us remaining cooled in?
Easy to enroll a thousand soldiers. But, ah, one general!.
FREE Gardening Gloves with the March Edition
If lies are to find credence, they must be patched with truth.
S.Korean students end hunger strike -- N.Korea.
Keep no more cats than will catch mice.
Shaky multimedia start-up Tiger Media has lost its president Laura Buddine.
Casey's General Stores Inc sets payout.
TELS Corp Q2 full results.
RESEARCH ALERT - Urban Outfitters cut.
Japanese prime minister arrives in Mexico.
Wrap in cellophane or plastic wrap.
Life is for living, do your own thing sometimes.
The big hands spread it out.
NZ FBT prescribed rate rises to 11.5 pct.
Cautious by nature, Simpkin was not going to rock the boat more than necessary.
EMU hopefuls enter 1997 budget slashing season.
Emoto Industry -1996 parent forecast.
The key at the girdle keeps me good and my neighbour too.
RTRS-Australian wool prices rise slightly in week.
Thai stocks rise 2.01 pct on support fund buys.
S.Korea to import less jet/kerosene this winter.
SOCCER-ARGENTINE CHAMPIONSHIP RESULTS.
Mother Teresa shows signs of strength, blesses nuns.
No strength within, no respect without.
Five years ago, after Sean was born, I realised I wanted my career back.
Mavesa seeks exchange listing for ADR.
He catches the best fish who angles with a golden hook.
He that inquires much, learns much.
RESEARCH ALERT - Mesa raised by Merrill.
Better have a bad ass than be your own ass.
In towels and nappies and swabs it will be incredibly absorbent.
Fleury was taken aback by this remark.
From snow, whether baked or boiled, you will get nothing but water.
Careers could be destroyed without any adequate appeal.
N. Irish police to reroute march by Protestants.
So erm Yeah it's well well at the end of the month.
A fish should swim thrice: in water, in sauce, and in wine.
Easier to bend the body than the will.
He was attending a Liberal rally in the city.
It was a legal precedent, if not a very reassuring one.
However bad the situation, the majority is unwilling to risk change.
FOCUS-Lloyd's fights on in U.S. as deadline looms.
This awareness is, itself, achieved through rhetoric.
From Poetical Works ii, p. 303.
WHAT DO YOU THINK 1977 HOLDS, EH!
He said he was taking it home.
The world goes as it will and not as you or I would want it.
Dollar slips as German rate cut hopes damped.
We point out the danger signs
However extravagant men's desires, they hope to see them gratified.
Marianella was not injured in the cross-fire.
Jesus, I've got to get out of this place in the morning!
And for how long could France be kept isolated?
This last is the main disappointment of the budget.
And animal skull fossils sometimes yield tantalizing evidence of transitional metabolic natures.
F.O. LICHT - Daily sugar report.
More than 800 Rwandan refugees return from Burundi.
There are many days in the year, and still more meals.
1935 CHERRY HILL Wentworth SUNNINGDALE, BERKSHIRE
When you are well hold yourself so.
Faint heart never won fair lady.
The Network Connection Q2 shr loss rises.
The float is also called the
Always say no, and you will never be married.
I get to work and I can concentrate, Linda said.
RESEARCH ALERT - Metrocall, A+ Network.
Nothing but the hambone, said the thin man coming back, but his voice trembled.
Benefits, like flowers, please most when they are fresh.
Where gold avails, argument fails.
FOCUS-Philippine H1 GNP growth seen at 6.4 pct.
Arab oil exports fell 0.8 pct in 1994 - OAPEC.
Trust not a horse's heel, nor a dog's tooth.
For the want of worthy men they made my father alcade.
As a guideline, suitable rewards for the pregenerated characters would be as follows.
S&amp;P rates Venantius Swedish CP A1 plus short-term.
Indian soybean prices decline on fresh arrivals.
Slovenian shares ease, seen lower by end Aug.
There are no birds in last year's nest.
Orii -95/96 group results.
Muslim girls face the same harsh oppression.
PRESS DIGEST - Switzerland - Aug 20.
Mizuno to issue 20 bln yen CB.
The man embraced the Syrian, starting at the same time to cry.
ING INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT UNIT'S PORTFOLIO GROWS.
Marry a person in your own rank in life.
The well-dressed woman draws her husband away from another woman's door.
Don't call the alligator a big-mouth till you have crossed the river.
But I resisted the temptation and pushed on to Montgomery and Knighton instead.
No one can bully, cajole, coax, batter, trick or beguile wood like I can!
Flies flock to the lean horse.
BALANCE - Allen School District, Texas at $5.3 mln.
North Korea steps up propaganda over student riot.
The longest road out is the shortest road home.
It would be wrong, however, to regard prepatterns as immutable and independent of genes.
INDICATORS - CZECH REPUBLIC - UPDATED AUG 16.
All offers of help will be greatly appreciated.
I feel old, she said and, the tears dried, she walked away.
No taxation without representation.
This verdict is underlined by the Secretary-General of the Commonwealth:
Racal on line for double figures This week..
Singapore premier leads 32,000 in mass workout.
St Louis deliverable wheat and corn stocks.
Small things have their own peculiar charm.
Confused between Cray Research Inc and Cray Computer Corp?
Group holds 6.74 pct Dreco Energy stake.
Too far East is West.
Kyungki Bank launches US$40 mln FRN.
At the narrow passage there is no brother and no friend.
Czech Pojistovna proposes rights issue.
It was a nightmare, a warped nightmare.
Lie detector clears Olympic bomb suspect - paper.
The tricky part was the mower.
Kellwood Co Q1 July 31 net rises.
I could see meself doing it for years, like.
A good stringer will know the right string and tension for you.
You cannot predicate a parish life upon shifting populations and broken communities.
Can I fit one to my 101?
The British Government has acquiesed in an insane situation.
Rawls, Kantian Constructivism and Moral Theory, p. 568.
Its unsecured loan rates will range from 22.8 to 24.6 APR.
PG&amp;E Diablo Canyon still at reduced power.
I've heard so much about her, I'm just longing to meet her.
Will laugh well who will laugh the last.
S.African gold shares grab interest to close firm.
Top stocks which moved the BSE Index - August 22.
In 1990 many people will prefer to look like Parisian poets than American businessmen.
Kyotaru - 6mth parent results.
Unfortunately it was already too late.
Daedalus's solar-wind satellite accordingly resembles one of those joke unrolling tube whistles.
Chimaeras have always been a source of some horror.
Other kids get to know who you are and what you're made of.
Cathedral Gold Corp Q2 profit vs loss.
MARY BAILEY on the adaptable Astatotilapia burtoni cichlid of Lake Tanganyika and its environs.
Because we are old, we need not be useless.
Dow ends lower as tobacco shares again hammered.
Foreigners net sellers of Japan stock via 12 firms.
Fear of the phenomenon is also present.
She will be responsible for overseeing strategic and operational plans.
When an old man cannot drink, prepare his grave.
Peseta debt/interbank closing report.
The Royal Commission rejected that solution as too oppressive, smacking of government censorship.
BASEBALL-MAJOR LEAGUE STANDINGS AFTER WEDNESDAY'S GAMES.
Game is cheaper in the market than in the fields and woods.
French Fragrances Q2 turns to profit.
KCBT wheat futures weak, adrift at midsesssion.
A woman and a hen are soon lost through gadding.
In addition, they promote fast-track, prefabricated building techniques that further restrict the architect's freedom.
Price includes dinner (or lunch) bed and breakfast.
Where the hostess is handsome the wine is good.
He that asketh faintly beggeth a denial.
Eat well, drink in moderation, and sleep sound, in these three good health abound.
Eat bread at pleasure, drink wine by measure.
Recurrent dreams with which many of us are familiar.
And listen, Don Mini said, smiling.
God help the poor, for the rich can help themselves.
If a dog's prayers were answered, bones would rain from the skies.
Better return half way than lose yourself.
I'll go back to Jeremy, and tell him all about it.
Was that because of living with me?
Learn politeness from the impolite.
A quarter-of-a-dozen owl pies coming up, returned McGurk.
Let me present a medley of these edifying yarns.
the ripple of a lousy nose-job.
Machine washable, this little life-saver can be found at Argos for 6.90.
He'd remembered the Walther Steve had brandished in Evelyn's Wandsworth house.
Raw cucumber makes the churchyards prosperous.
Honey was not made for the mouth of the ass.
Wipe the nose of your neighbour's son, and marry him to your daughter.
Mexico peso contracts close down on speculation.
Bonn commission to probe Libya weapons deal.
U.S. mine workers, coal operators in pact.
Arafat in Tunis to meet president.
INSIGHT -- Dlr must clear hurdles before more gains.
The directness of the medium is inspirational.
Net earnings per share amounted to 0.01 in the quarter.
The tears of an heir are laughter under a mask.
On the one side of this were portraits of Wilson, Cathery, Chambers and Plimsoll.
Japan's interest rate policy seen on hold for now.
Federated says Pepsi-Cola exec named director.
There was, said Grayson, no such indication.
Manila stocks end up, seen pausing early next week.
Use an etch primer to key the paint onto areas of bare aluminium.
God has given nuts to one who has no teeth.
I feel a heavy burden has been lifted from me.
70 rescued after North Sea gas leak
JOHN WATERS Jiving AT THE CROSSROADS
Actions speak louder than words.
She looked at Ratchette who nodded his head.
Karachi port handles 69,736 tonnes cargo.
But for all that the honest man has not got his purse.
SQUASH-HONG OPEN FIRST ROUND RESULTS.
You get to hear great music and help people.
Tokyo stocks jump in early morning trade.
Asking directly can sometimes put people off.
METROPOLITAN AREA NETWORKS MARKET COULD BE WORTH 2,000m
As you sow, you shall reap.
Nothing is so full of victory as patience.
The packages include Cimage Document Manager, Engineering Workflow System and ImageMaster software.
In the end I said what is the alternative to closure going to be?.
The ass that brays most eats least.
Well, there we were with a large empty space to fill.
Swap for old Tele or Burns Marvin.
A beach, you know what a beach is?
Should anything else be included/excluded, stating the reasons why?
Wash a dog, comb a dog, still a dog remains a dog.
EXCALIBUR TECHNOLOGIES OPENS SAN DIEGO HQ
Geneva air cargo traffic down 4 pct in June.
Little detail has been announced about the palmtop CD-I player.
This means that both production and investment accumulation is involved.
Who said two into one won't go?
Unaffected are Supras, the 4.2-litre Landcruiser and the 18,099 Previa.
Turk central bank reserve down $168 mln last week.
They need much whom nothing will content.
Turkish Teletas sees 50 pct rise in 1996 sales.
Don't stop the way of a bull or of a current of air.
The wood is lustrous and fragrant; the texture is fine and very even.
ConEd sees Indian Pt 2 back to grid Friday.
They will be followed at phased intervals by the rest of the network.
We're semi's, but that's not enough.
Mrs Morgan did think there was, or had been, something with her boss.
Quanex Corp Q3 net rises.
Except that this gripping race still offers the opportunity to dislodge its leader.
A golden hammer breaks an iron gate.
Proof-reading of the processed text will provide final verification.
Amer names new head for Wilson unit.
Once in each man's life fortune smiles.
Musically, the sound is a mixture of The Jam and early Rush.
Discreet stops make speedy journeys.
Guatemalan sides to sign truce in Norway - report.
FOCUS - French CGEA wins second UK rail franchise.
An apple, an egg, and a nut, You may eat after a slut.
He sobbed on the soldier's shoulder.
BULGARIAN BANKING STATISTICS - UPDATED AUG 23.
Energy Intensive Users &quot;disappointed&quot; by UK Ofgas.
Suggestions that we were non-communautaire was the fault of the British press.
You've worked in the last few years with Prince.
NorAm Energy unit gets $12 mln contract.
Top stocks which moved the BSE Index - August 20.
Alone together, she told him what Rosie had said.
I've just moved into one of the new housing complexes.
Between smith and smith no money passes.
All three models have foam insulation and a thermostatically controlled, forced-air cooling system.
French stocks open slightly higher.
One cannot keep peace longer than his neighbour will let him.
Sembawang Maritime up on takeover offer.
Drink upon salad costs the doctor a ducat; drink upon eggs costs him two.
Brief general strike in Nepal capital ends quietly.
TENNIS-SAMPRAS TO OPEN OPEN AGAINST RIKL, PHILIPPOUSSIS LOOMS.
Concrete pipes are only 5 ft long, with about 20in extending into the hardcore.
One fool always finds a greater fool to admire him.
The fault is as great as he that commits it.
The Princess of Wales travelled in an aircraft of The Queen's Flight.
You must think I'm a very stupid person!
A Rowland for an Oliver.
It had been a fair old fitness test.
The method of access will also help to determine the length of the pit.
He kissed her again and was surprised to find that she was crying gently.
Amtech Systems Inc Q3 shr rises.
Preceding were the 12 apostles, to signify the 12 tribes.
British royal revolution puts spotlight on cash.
At the end of the work you may judge of the workmen.
He moved on to the enduring significance and value of the Anglo-American relationship.
To change and change for the better are two different things.
The tseep-tseep of a rock pipit echoed as it flew to a seaweed-strewn ledge.
It's a new chance for Britain in the Commonwealth
Moslem nationalists hold rally in Croat heartland.
UBS sets warrants on Novartis.
Ill-timed laughter is a dangerous evil.
Love, a cough, and smoke, are hard to hide.
Gulfport, Miss., won by Morgan Keegan.
I am not far from Achnacarry.
Juppe holds talks on African hunger strike.
What is not taken by the Church is taken by the Exchequer.
The rest of the book is devoted to the Masterclass contributors.
These themes constantly recur up to the First World War.
Berkshire Gas Co Q4 profit vs loss.
A heart filled with the love of God
A great family day out for all at Europe's largest woodworking exhibition.
Dogs bark at hose they don't know.
she finished her own tea and put down the cup.
By 1861 there were 13 Sabbath school teachers and they taught 51 children.
A sack is best tied before it is full.
U.S. says three firms sign price-fixing plea deals.
TELECOM EIREANN SEEKS 200m EC FUNDING
If, that is, Valenzuela can ever return to Chile.
Tobacco stock rally seen overshadowing Democratic meet.
The more noble, the more humble.
Brazil gov't, states agree to cut taxes on exports.
FORECAST -- U.S. economic indicators -- Aug 19 wk.
I think it's the most romantic place, she sighed.
Specialist moulds for ptisserie work are being imported from French company Matinox.
It's a Jetta, a V W Jetta.
PRESS DIGEST - Kuwait - Aug 26.
Sprint to offer consumer Internet access service.
One hand washes the other, and both the face.
Where the devil cannot put his head he puts his tail.
Brazil shares end off on thin trade, Dow's decline.
Miguel, Miguel, you have no bees, and yet sell honey.
She gave a little scream and woke up.
None, Midnight replied, and went out with Jess into the street.
Many a good face is under a ragged hat.
THIRTY-TWO HURT IN S.AFRICAN PRISON RIOT.
Jan-July tax income of China's Guangdong up.
So far he hadn't sold a single thing.
Not everything which is bad comes to hurt us.
MinFin freeze seen threatening Russia bond markets.
Two knights in quilted armour of the type called gambeson.
A kitchen dog never was good for the chase.
What force cannot do ingenuity may.
Rexene stock tumbles after Huntsman drops bid.
JULIA MARKUS AND PAUL JORDAN, Shaftesbury.
We don't want him to be compromised.
Indonesian palm oil steady on tight supply.
Berlusconi wins reprieve with Italy TV decree.
Pearson stumbles on profit-taking.
The rinse water from pond filters makes ideal garden plant fertiliser.
It is a fine night, now that the wind has stopped.
Better repair the gutter than the whole house.
U.S. stocks seen lower, tobaccos may get boost.
Correction is good when administered in time.
Confusion caused by the voting system.
A sense of humor is the pole that adds balance to our steps as we walk the tightrope of life.
Now, don't try to change the subject, Deirdre admonished him with a smile.
Never trust the man who tells you all his troubles but keeps from you all his joys.
Some of the incidents can be tricky.
Net income was 3m, including an extraordinary credit of 573,000.
Why don't you leave me alone?
A man without money is like a ship without sails.
No man is so tall that he need never stretch, and none so small that he need never stoop.
Starfish (above, right) are the vultures of the seabed.
I've no pictures in my head to describe, can't make them up.
Every fox likes a henroost.
Sarah used Silvikrin's brand new 2 In 1 for dry/treated hair.
NYCE cotton ends ends lower on local liquidation.
If you have done no ill the six days, you may play the seventh.
Last make fast.
Of course, other studies could just as easily be cited to state the opposite.
Gold-green, and one yellow tinged with fire
Oh yes you'll probably have to get somebody else as well, mm.
Sow with the hand, and not with the whole sack.
The Santa Cruz Operation Inc will launch Open Desktop 3 on May 18.
Yesterday's trade figures were well received in the City.
Heart Labs says two directors resign.
A package price of 700 for a fortnight is typical.
Who are these erratic amateur scientists?
When the rice is cooked, gently mix in all other ingredients.
But even after six months of intensive study many other problems remain.
A dog that bites silently. [An insidious tradcuer. He would kill you with an air-gun.]
All the same, anything could have happened
Indian foodgrains prices - Delhi - August 26.
Some of those differences are nicely illustrated.
I thought he'd be there, with big cow's eyes.
The more things change the more they stay the same.
For more details contact Powder Byrne (01-223 0601).
Who loves his work and knows to spare, may live and flourish anywhere.
She could not control the power alone, was not meant to .
There is no stripping a naked man.
I have got a: pain/cough/girl into trouble.
It is not at the altar that we should consider the course we would take.
Paddy Smith's 8F 48151 powers it way up the Furness mainline.
The less time spent there, the better.
I used to feel sorry for myself because I had no shoes until I met a man who was dead.
One for the mouse, one for the crow, one to rot, one to grow.
BULGARIA INTERNAL CREDIT RISES 1.99 PCT IN WEEK.
Two very useful sources in this area are Pryke (1981) and Harlow (1977).
CBOT soybeans close lower reflecting weather.
Thank you very much you fascinate, battling against others.
The foot on the cradle and hand on the distaff is the sign of a good housewife.
It had been in an accident and it was worthless.
Necessity never made a good bargain.
Transcendental Meditation now has three and a half million followers worldwide.
HK 182-day bills average accepted yield 5.30 pct.
Let the dead rest.
When Oscar came to join his God
NZ shares end firmer, FCL Forest gains after sale.
Your fingernails were cut too short.
Nationwide, Halifax bid for UK defense sale - paper.
TENNIS-MONDAY'S RESULTS FROM U.S. OPEN.
A long tongue betokens a short hand.
During this final stage they appear as ants, which are really fairies in disguise.
Nichols Research offers one mln shares.
A good dog never gets a good bone.
He couldn't be the one without the other, because that's his nature
Many blame the wife for their own thriftless life.
Rentokil meets 20 pct target without BET.
Owned now by the National Trust it is a delight to visit.
Baloise boosts majority in Norditalia.
Manila central bank offers dlrs at 26.235 pesos.
Creating colourful combinations in your garden.
A tree often transplanted does not thrive.
Fionn receives them all, hurrying them seawards, over Kirkaig Falls to Inver Bay.
Let the experiment be made on a worthless body. [Lat., Fiat experimentum in corpore vili.]
This has become an annual embarrassing exercise.
But there's one thing that you have to remember.
All do not beg for one saint.
To institute a universal heir was increasingly common, and that heir was normally male.
One task of plasma researchers is to try to shorten this development period.
It's not as if I'd ever touch on
You see that I had you in my mind!
Plus the Menzies Campbell Collection -the most comprehensive dental collection in Europe.
Fall not out with a friend for a trifle.
If it were not for the belly the back might wear gold.
And yet that was exactly how his season started.
to be suitable for students of any age or level?
BULGARIA DELAYS CLOSURE OF SEVEN MILITARY PLANTS.
What comes from the fife goes back to the drum.
After dinner sit awhile, after supper walk a mile.
Of course, Constance has no idea that you'll be here.
Like well like bucket.
The pretty garden with rhododendrons, irises, ferns and Victorian immortelles surrounds the house.
Oh oh right I'd better turn this thing off now erm
If you touch pot you must touch penny.
Who won't be ruled by the rudder must be ruled by the rock.
He who saves, finds.
Surely that's better than fading away in a hospital bed somewhere?
We know it won't be easy.
The lower millstone grinds as well as the upper.
It was only now that appreciate what nature has known all along.
Birds chattered among the vegetables and splashed in the water.
Unkissed, unkind.
Every country has its custom.
Talking is easier than doing, and promising than performing.
Beware of a man that does not talk, and of a dog that does not bark.
Crows are black everywhere.
Got with the fife, spent with the drum.
You will break the bow if you keep it always bent.
US CREDIT MARKET OUTLOOK - Home on a range.
Learn to obey before you command.
Evil enters like a needle and spreads like an oak tree.
Despite his superstitions, Capirossi is realistic about the year.
Our Japanese partner has no right to increase its shareholding.
No frogs developed if nuclei from adult frogs were placed into the egg.
Any information you can let me have would be gratefully accepted.
A fortunate man may be anywhere.
Let that which is lost be for God.
that we should keep a watching brief
India Bajaj Auto Apr-July turnover up.
Give at first asking what you safely can; 'tis certain gain to help an honest man.
Chicago Park Dist, Ill., TANs 3.90 pct yield.
Penetrance was almost complete for the recessive homozygote in all liability classes.
He who would travel through the land, must go with open purse in hand.
IBCA cuts Yorkshire Water ratings.
The good seaman is known in bad weather.
An ass with her colt goes not straight to the mill.
Joan of Arc in Preston for a day!
Only the disadvantaged are going to succeed in seventies England.
One fool makes a hundred.
Eritrea to remove troops from disputed island.
EU grain panel approves German food aid package.
An ocean as smooth as glass closing over things vast, alive and hateful.
All my goods are of silver and gold, even my copper kettle, says the boaster.
The raggy colt often made a powerful horse.
Plough deep while other sleep And you shall have corn to sell and to keep.
Chaifa year net profit up 53 percent.
United States urges Kurdish rivals to stop warring.
The court failed to consider the allegations of torture and prolonged incommunicado detention.
As a thing is used, so it brightens.
Czech BICS100 bond index falls 0.099pts to 99.727.
change the severity of a report
Not words but knocks.
France's CDC watchdog wants cap on budget help.
Of course it costs 700 to go.
Dummy cannot lie.
Multiple Warding Ring , 4 protections (GM's choice)
A bold man has luck in his train.
God helps three sorts of people: fools, children and drunkards.
NCD's going after volume with the aggressive pricing.
We think that is the best method.
TOSHIBA SHIPS DYNAPAD T100X PEN COMPUTER FOR 3,000
Money has no smell.
Snow Brand Seed - 96/97 parent forecast.
Program this on a computer with which you are familiar.
Milk the cow, but don't pull off the udder.
Japan may bow to foreign pressure on liquor tax.
Daishinku to up mobile phone part output.
It is better to give than to receive.
All else will flow from this.
The dog returns to its vomit.
ROMANIA CONFIDENT HUNGARY TREATY WILL GO AHEAD.
Polish airline LOT cargo imports Jan-May up 17.8.
Solicitors: Church Adams Tatham Co.; Farrer Co.
POLES CLAIM PLN 890 MLN OF TAX-DEDUCTIBLE GIFTS.
Japan to loan Mexico $940 mln during PM's visit.
When anger blinds the eyes, truth disappears.
If the landlady is fair, the wine is fair.
He was involved in the establishing of local administration, churches and schools.
Tokyo naphtha prices ease in subdued trade.
FAME, WEALTH, COUNTLESS CHICKS, SELF ABUSE
Design: A game of follow-my-leader: Jonathan Glancey anticipates a jamboree on Designers' Saturday
Britain kept war criminals from trial..
Nigeria Airways give Bombay route to local carrier.
Japanese stocks in London up slightly, trade thin.
Strongsville, Ohio, $16 mln issue Aa - Moody's.
Was that one of his signs of
It is compatible with X Windows and OpenWindows applications.
When God says To-day, the devil says To-morrow.
Those who don't believe in magic will never find it.
Table of Greek mutual fund flows, assets.
Raytel acquires Texas cardiology practice.
He that eats his fowl alone may saddle his horse alone.
Before we move on, however, a few cautionary words are necessary regarding stress.
Because she's good in earthquakes and she makes a great cup of tea.
EU clears Klockner buy of Arus stake.
The pull of the traditional is combined with the strain of the new.
German unions split on tactics in retail pay talks.
Sometimes some trait got missed out altogether.
He needn't have worried, of course.
The devil is never so black as he is painted.
The threshold says nothing but what it hears of the hinge.
Better is an enemy to well.
PhyMatrix buys rest of Physician's Choice.
There was a wobbly moment, concedes the unflappable young Mogg, frowning at the memory.
Two dry sticks will kindle a green one.
Oh, that would be a great asset.
Morrison Knudsen sees Sept. 11 merger.
Asia Credit H1 net jumps 32 pct.
And that is the end of this story.
RAISIO HITS LIFE-HIGH ON NEW INVENTION.
EU concerned about US moves against Iran, Libya.
Death closes all doors.
Much students' time is also spent helping others.
So far the figures show a variation that is not statistically significant.
This programme is likely to take time to implement.
They don't direct us to the late survival of a gypsy paradise.
An army on the move is what he really fears.
'E will not want to make love with you, I promise.
Human blood is all of one colour.
We had reached the Palestinian front line.
He curled his tail round my legs, rubbing his body against me.
Lean meat from a fat pig.
Tokyo corn futures end higher on technical buying.
Students burn Hasina effigy, battle police.
TENNIS-RESULTS AT CANADIAN OPEN.
That is beggar's fare, said the dame, when she fried eggs with the sausages.
You don't have to put out the fire when all is burnt out.
A lot of old-style Motown RB also has the triplet groove.
A grain does not fill a sieve, but it helps its fellow.
PRESS DIGEST - Croatia - Aug 20.
Who does not wish to be like the wolf let him not wear its skin.
Many of the expert demonstration teams use wrist straps with pre-set line lengths.
A man who prides himself on his ancestry is like the potato plant, the best part of which is underground.
CSCE world sugar ends mixed and prices rangebound.
This clause was introduced following the abortive national docks strike this summer.
Afghan rebels say they control key base.
The only one who knew what he was doing.
He was also a hypocrite, a puritan, and a racist.
Kaneshita -6mth parent results.
S.Korea's Chun, Roh arrive in court for sentencing.
Such a disturbance, particularly at night, could even have an adverse effect on health.
Must see it for myself in a public space.
The following ideas are more immediately applicable to the current system.
Why buy a cow when milk is so cheap?
Italian Oven Inc Q2 net loss widens.
RTRS-Aust Prov News H1 net profit A$11.56m.
Investigators who let Priebke slip were ex-Nazis.
A reserve that was part distaste blanked her features.
The eye will often wander The road that love has taught.
You can't buy heaven with money.
Great talkers are great liars.
If he go up, we 'ave to look for another ringer.
In most military aircraft, the crew would have been banged out.
Then, give them a Meltonian shampoo (1.85) regularly.
Weather, wind, women, and fortune change like the moon.
The woman cries before the wedding and the man after.
Fair things are soon snatched away.
Age and wedlock bring a man to his nightcap.
Conseco buys insurance firms for more than $1.7 billion.
A local bureau may be approached to talk to a group of probation officers.
I nudged Toby and asked, What's he doing here?
Praise makes a bad man worse.
You are in my capable hands.
She had never seen a dragon before, and now she nearly exploded with joy.
The bitter cup we strive to remove from us holds the medicine we are most in need of.
I'm going to be sick in about half an hour
She's called Louise Gander and she's doing brilliantly.
NASD bars 12 brokers for life.
There is no way in which both sides can improve simultaneously.
DuPont Co South American chairman dies.
The good cow gets sold in its own country.
For 17 million, he bought back the brewery business.
NETWORK SYSTEMS COMPLETES ACQUISITION OF BUS-TECH
When every one sees that you are a pig, why don't you go into the sty?
Good fruit never comes from a bad tree.
BALANCE-Fort Mill School Dist #4, S.C. at $9.7 mln.
It wasted what money it had on drinking and it spoke with rough accents.
All people are your relatives, therefore expect only trouble from them.
He that will not be counselled cannot be helped.
Victory has 100 fathers and defeat is an orphan.
New York physical copper market.
Bulgaria seeks Japanese aid in transport projects.
He who has victory, has right.
The argument might be taken a step further.
Japan says to meet rice import deal despite stock.
Holiday homes and commercial property have been included among the lots to be auctioned.
Victoria Wine Chablis 1987, 6.39; this too has kept its crisp, nutty, lemony character.
Out of the fulness of the heart the mouth speaketh.
There is one who kisses, and the other who offers a cheek.
Against all this I would propose a rule of limited self-reference.
The dispute is about its importance (Bruce and Lee 1982).
TWELVE YEAR OLDS GIVING TYPICAL SKINHEAD STANCE FOR THE CAMERA
Weighty work must be done with few words.
A loving man, a jealous man.
BASEBALL-GIANTS EDGE PHILLIES 1-0.
U.S. spot natgas erodes further ahead of weekend.
The ass embraced the thistle, and they found themselves relations.
Open hand makes open hand.
He's in England at the moment.
You pays your money and you takes your choice.
The people of Ulster have suffered enough.
RESEARCH ALERT - Morgan Stanley on First Data.
For Malta's defenders the tide had turned.
Swiftest horse cannot overtake the word once spoken.
Personally we don't put much stock in them but you never know.
One slumber invites another.
Sheffield United goalkeeper Alan Kelly saves from Blackburn's Jason Wilcox.
Ink, if not used, will dry up.
Electric lights were installed in the lifts which were also refitted with modern motors.
Direct bond trades on the Czech PSE - Aug 23.
The heron blames the water because he cannot swim.
NYSE closing averages.
PARALLAN COMPUTER EXPECTS FALL IN SHIPMENTS
S.Korea 3-yr yields end flat, call rates soar.
It is not lost that a friend gets.
I melted lead, too, in the preserving pan,
Security police wait for boot as people's power arrives.
I've known this parrot for 35 years and he still bites me, says Petre.
People will still laugh, and cry, over his plays.
It hangs upon a silken thread.
IHC Caland first-half net profit falls.
Next month making a garage pit.
By hook or crook.
Presumably they played against some army sides?
That he had gambled all their money away.
BELL ATLANTIC MOBILE MAKE CDMA DECISION
Of everything else the newest; of friends, the oldest.
Nevertheless suspicion of American policy in Japan and the implications for China were dominant.
He that has no money in his purse, should have fair words on his lips.
Every bird sings as it is beaked.
RESEARCH ALERT - Unitog Co upgraded.
Sadly this wasn't the only thing to be nicked.
He acts wisely who says little.
S.Africa Daling resigns as Gencor director.
Forest survival is thus threatened on a large scale.
World sugar prices under threat, expert says.
Nor does Hinkes tell us another curious fact.
WORLD BONDS - Europe at risk if Bundesbank sticks.
POLISH BANKS BID FOR PLN 1.274 BLN OF NBP-BILLS.
More recently, books have been written which try to avoid these stereotypes.
He had two sons and two daughters from a previous marriage.
Huntsman Corp. set to announce two acquisitions.
Better say Here it is than Here it was.
When I returned, six of my eleven chicks had died, but I said nothing.
What gives you the greatest cause for optimism?
White-dressed, white-turbanned servants went in and out.
right, but on the other hand it's early days yet.
I looked deeply into her eyes.
Today's egg is better than tomorrow's hen.
The deck needs cleaning, Rickie, so do it.
Criticizing another's garden doesn't keep the weeds out of your own.
TENNIS-TUESDAY'S RESULTS FROM U.S. OPEN.
One Brent date clocked, the other deferred - trade.
Momentum is available for Windows 3.0, Windows NT, Macintosh System 7, OS/2 and Motif/Unix.
Honour's onerous.
Nature teaches us to love our friends, but religion our enemies.
Between two sharpers, the sharpest.
Oh fine you want to thank them now.
Think, they say, of rows of new homes,
Intimate Brands sets qtrly div $0.12/shr.
A child may have too much of his mother's blessing.
Eastern Cornbelt hogs carcass close - USDA.
And I said, yes, it is impossible.
PRESS DIGEST - Kenya - Aug 27.
Our own house surpasses every other.
The production of harmful man-made gases tipped the balance against ozone.
Seat yourself in your place, and they will not make you rise.
National Semiconductor to cut 170 workers.
No man is so tall that he need never stretch, and none so small that he need never stoop.
There are many different ways of making the break.
Riches add to the house, virtues to the man.
Wives had an important role to play on many farms.
It was last seen shortly after being excavated 150 years ago.
And putting that together with your visits to the house, and theguns'disappearance-'
You mean you never paid her?
Last year their 20% of total lending was well ahead of Britain's 17% share.
You may often feel that heavily on your back which you took lightly on your conscience.
Custom is the plague of wise men and the idol of fools.
Tomorrow in advertising and public relations
All he could do was smile and wriggle his toes in delight.
Sunglass Hut International Inc Q2 net up.
Rizal announces stock rights, stock split.
RESEARCH ALERT - Yodogawa Steel rated.
The late 17th. and early 18th.
He who sows virtue reaps fame.
She was asked if she believed there was life after death.
Lord Taylor wasn't required to change the game I grew up with.
But the messages of her paintings to his paintings were not about domestication.
NWE jet fuel steady, premiums unchanged.
He that does not ask will never get a bargain.
Telex-Chile receives cash from $75 mln loan.
Ten copies of the video must be won in our easy-to-enter competition.
Love and eggs are best when they are fresh.
Too to will in two.
They had to stick together and be a family.
A liar is sooner caught than a cripple.
After nine months the secret comes out.
Three removes are as bad as a fire.
She was obviously not being looked after at all.
No more than you, said Luke.
My job could be at stake if I make an error of judgment.
Cooper Cos Q3 shr rises.
CME pork belly futures close mostly limit up.
Tokyo Electric Power sets 4.0 bln Ffr bond.
Philip Morris boosts dividend.
Give the Goddess her due, even when her due is grief.
I rest my case, said X as they walked back to the clubhouse.
RTRS - Comalco in aluminium smelter talks.
INSIGHT-CSCE Dec coffee jumps to four-month highs.
Not every ball hits.
Coins and the Archaeologist (2nd edn 1988).
The sauce should be very smooth, ivory-coloured and no thicker than cream.
Favour oft avails more than justice or reason.
government policy, not to comment on it !
Set the stitches by steaming lightly on wrong side, if pressing instructions permit.
And that's what you're going to put in the report that Protheroe hasn't had.
It rings, it is empty.
They should also give a pleasant massage effect.
One's shadow grows larger than life when admired by the light of the moon.
Where the hedge is lowest, the devil leaps over.
He who has no head wants no hat.
FORECAST - Gencor yr shr, div set to climb.
Could we not find out some means?
Kun Young trading halted due to default.
A gift long expected is sold, not given.
EMERGENCY WEATHER CONDITIONS - WSC - 22-AUG.
The day the monkey is destined to die, all the trees get slippery.
The big fish is caught with big bait.
RESEARCH ALERT-Mississippi Chemical a buy.
A fool is like the big drum that beats fast but does not realize its hollowness.
Russia thanks U.N. for role in airmen's release.
His eyes gleamed, the lower lids pouching with enjoyment.
Every to-morrow brings its bread.
Dogs wag their tails not so much in love to you as to your bread.
RESEARCH ALERT - Toro started as buy.
NOPA July U.S. soybean crushings.
Maybe Antonietta herself will tire of me when the novelty wears off.
A single advantage is worth a thousand sorceries.
He loses his market who has nothing to sell.
Soon ripe, soon rotten.
Yeltsin, out of sight for days, takes short break.
Prudential attracts buyers ahead of H1 stats.
He that would have a beautiful wife should choose her on a Saturday.
All the earlier confusions and contradictions had apparently been resolved.
UNITA delegates oppose Angola vice presidency post.
Experience is the father of wisdom.
Deeds not words are required.
The Lay Observer makes an annual report to Parliament.
For example two Guide authors may choose the name Part-number for completely different contexts.
Scouring the countryside is bound to deplete it even further.
A spaniel, a wife, and a walnut tree, The more you beat 'em the better they be.
He has enough to do who holds the handle of a frying-pan.
Mr Ryzhkov's plan, which the conservative-dominated parliament has accepted, is striking in its moderation.
Also, using (10) with , we find or .
Jack Nicholson, movie star, had at last arrived.
Museum Of The Royal College Of Surgeons Of Edinburgh Nicolson St, Edinburgh (031-556 6206).
Full bottles and glasses make swearers and asses.
Put it inside your trainers and run around the garden.
For the foreman to be dreened some more.
Maurice Saatchi in million stg campaign deal - paper.
In Sicily the Pope told hearers that they should fight the Mafia.
Okay, that does have oxygen in it, yes, I don't think it's
The rubies come from there and the area has recently been fought over.
If you cannot get the bird, get one of its feathers.
One rotten sheepe will marre a whole flocke.
The worse the passage the more welcome the port.
Debt burdens nearly always bring with them a sense of imprisonment.
The expression conjugal rights gains a new and more reciprocal kind of meaning.
They travelled the rest of the way into London in silence.
John Parkhouse would like to know more about the roundels.
So, a yearly 10 per cent rise in fares for the next five years.
Canadian banks poised for higher third-quarter profits.
Sandro was to die fighting in the Resistance.
It is currently available on Solaris 1.0 and 2.0.
It's a blot on the whole neighbourhood, that's what it is.
Brazil's real drops 0.02 pct in speculative trade.
RESEARCH ALERT - Swift Transportation.
A number of factors have contributed to this state of affairs.
Politeness wins the confidence of princes.
Chisan-Tokan - 6mth parent results.
She's made a lot this year.
There's a girl sitting next to me.
One has only to look at the new jobs created and investment.
The charred bodies story also fits.
HK's inflation rate could dip further -- Tsang.
Reynard is still Reynard, though he put on a cowl.
Kashmir town scene of devastation after 128 die.
Erm I've found out when the exam is.
Transcontinental Realty qtly distribution.
Out of yes and no comes all dispute.
It is good to make a bridge of gold to a flying enemy.
Begun is half done.
Visit your aunt, but not every day of the year.
Knud Jrgenson is the new Director for Information at Norwegian Church Aid.
Money is never the motivator, she insists.
EMULEX TO TAKE CHARGE IN THIRD QUARTER FIGURES
We do not go outside and give lectures.
Torch lowers qtly distribution/unit.
Rust consumes iron, and envy consumes itself.
I speak to you, daughter; hear it daughter-in-law.
And now, oh, yes, I feel real.
Don't look so glum! she added.
Beware of a white Spaniard and a black Englishman.
Let patience grow in your garden alway.
He calls back, I've no idea.
One US paper says they're codenamed Leo and Spam.
There will be an intensive service of trains all weekend .
Lufthansa H1 gp pretax profit down 37 pct.
Did you see the size of that?
Trading of Recor Holdings suspended.
Nigerian Julius Berger half-year profits rise.
The tunnel was the only way out.
AFTER THE BELL - Rexene shares slide.
Fond of lawsuits, little wealth, Fond of doctors, little health.
The booklet also emphasised the educational benefits of sending children to the school.
A number of initiatives have been undertaken to raise local awareness about environmental issues.
Kinsmen are born, but friendship is a gift of the gods.
It's not shameful not to know, but it's shameful not to ask.
FORECAST - Indosuez sees higher Danish 96 GDP growth.
He who pays is fairly entitled to speak his mind.
He said Mr Rowland had spoken to Mr Moi about the case.
Who arrays himself in other men's garments is stripped on the highway.
It is cruel to refer to those things which cause sorrow.
Mexico same-day peso closes weaker on lower rates.
Chechnya hopes rise as Yeltsin blesses peace bid.
Fire, the sea, and woman; these are three ills.
Bought wit is best.
Girl's pregnant by him, is she?
We'll stay in bed all day and go out all night like you said.
Kimberly-Clark to sell English tissue mill.
U.S. corn weekly export sales highlights--USDA.
Makes it shiny, yes, what is it that is shiny?
With an old husband's hide one buys a young one.
Fathers were shown watching television or involved in DIY.
Differing in words, not in reality. [A verbal, not an actual difference.]
Business has become scarcer, competition keener and profit margins slimmer.
Proofread your work and correct any mistakes you find
You must rave with the insane, unless you would be left alone.
Apartheid assassin found guilty of five murders.
Words are good, when works follow.
Plough or not plough, you must pay your rent.
By night all cats are grey.
Durkin thinks so, he thought, remembering his drunken, maudlin behaviour one night.
Better to sit all night than to go to bed with a dragon.
An inch or two below is sufficient.
This conception mixes an organizational and functional definition of the state.
The moth does most mischief to the finest garment.
Switzerland's broad-money growth slowed to 4.1% in the year to February.
Bad bird, bad egg.
These are introduced to you by your Enterprise Representative.
The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away.
Venezuela says ready to settle Japan aluminum spat.
German ad industry says tobacco curbs don't work.
L4060 million; 19,30029,000; 29,20043,800) and a typical Albricci: Dwarf sailors in port (est.
HUNGARY BASE RATE CUT MARKS INFLATION DROP - ANALYSTS.
Income Support and the Social Fund
If someone sweats for you, you change his shirt.
Out of nothing nothing comes.
U.S. DLA sets tin price at $2.7775 per lb.
Just like his planes, he's shot to bits,
If the hours are long enough and the pay is short enough, someone will say it's women's work.
Not every wood will make wooden shoes.
It is not expected to be commercialised.
A jade stone is useless before it is processed; a man is good-for-nothing until he is educated.
Instead they gave her a letter saying that the baby was in perfect health.
The eye that sees all things else sees not itself.
The way to be safe is never to feel secure.
It is no time to go for the doctor when the patient is dead.
Bulgaria sells two hotels in Black Sea resorts.
It was sad to see the dispute arise.
He pressed his fingers gently into her shoulders.
Weight and measure take away strife.
GOLF-MONTGOMERIE WITHDRAWS FROM GERMAN OPEN.
Give unto the king what is the king's, and unto God what is God's.
SOUTH KOREAN DOMESTIC ELECTRONIC COMMS COMPANIES ALLOWED ROOM TO MANOEUVRE
Ian, is that you, my significant other?
Who will not be ruled by the rudder must be ruled by the rock.
You may laugh at a friend's roof; don't laugh at his sleeping accommodation.
Appeal to inexorable logic or consistency cannot conclude the argument: it over-simplifies the issues.
New York tops Paris Jan-July cargo destinations.
It could only be from Mrs Browning.
Simon Courtauld's Out of Town column returns next week.
I have tried to inculcate in my pupils an attitude of intelligent laziness.
It is difficult to find fault with this eccentric and lively account.
He is not the despot portrayed in the West.
Some individual protests continued when the mass subsided.
London grain fixtures.
They that dance must pay the fiddler.
RTRS-Avatar year net profit halves.
All these instances illustrate the radical possibilities of historical thought.
Once a small section is completely removed the rest should come away easily.
Doosan Food buys 52,000T of corn.
Floating trays of refreshments and card games at a nineteenth-century Swiss spa.
H&amp;R Block cancels CompuServe spinoff vote.
encouraging the private sector to identify further opportunities for providing public services under contract.
Mycal -6mth parent forecast.
Corruption of best is worst. [Lat., Corruptio optimi pessima.]
Hear one man before you answer; hear several before you decide.
If she wants to stay, let her stay.
Regal Hotels, Winn acquire Bostonian.
I would like to become a member of the A.P.F./Mill Hill organisation.
Letter to the Editor: Pope's guidance in election
You can never tell with a Brit, can you?
In the morning of the 23rd we went for our sessions on the sun-deck.
The one who understands does not speak, the one who speaks does not understand.
Drilling will establish whether reserves of 1m ounces can be increased.
Cows have no business in horseplay.
KALEIDA INC WINS SUPPORT FROM HITACHI
May, can you give me a hand with this, Otley called out.
Not where a girl like you is concerned.
FEATURE - Romania gears up for high-stakes poll campaign.
The selected letters make a stout volume.
Gollum must give Siegfried his ring back.
Where money, there friends.
He looked at her in surprise, spoke brusquely.
Japan air force to train pilots for Russian Su-27.
Talk of the wolf and you see his tail.
U.S. 3-Area Base Cost Hogs Carcass Lean Value-USDA.
MANDELA NAMES S.AFRICAN ARTS, TECHNOLOGY MINISTER.
It is the calm and silent water that drowns a man.
Not worse looking than Johnny Thunders.
Chirac, Juppe to juggle with French budget.
Fools grow without watering.
Part of the rosa entry Gardeners dictionary (1768)
Letter to the Editor: Sad trick played on Brightness
Buy in the cheapest market and sell in the dearest.
Worse things happen at sea.
Though the ass may carry a sack of gold, it nevertheless feeds on thistles.
Love is a many splintered thing.
Japan 10-year JGB auction lowest price at 99.80.
Play therapy is also used as a method of relieving anxiety.
She gives herself two stars for The cries from the little hut had stopped.
All tarred with the same brush.
When what you want doesn't happen, learn to want what does.
He that would have good luck in horses must kiss the parson's wife.
Graseby H1 pretax profit slips, holds div.
Wisdom is a good purchase, though we pay dear for it.
Advanced industrial societies are consumer-oriented societies.
It was a position from which they were never to recover.
Life is partly what we make it, and partly what it is made by the friends whom we choose.
How much do real blue-chip prints tend to cost?
Oh brave new world, Jenny murmured.
Just occasionally, wooden chests were used as coffins, but only for very wealthy people.
Children in Edwardian England enjoying the sea air below Bamburgh Castle, Northumbria.
National Semi to lay off 170 workers.
The sky was grey and came all the way down to the ground.
Brazil soybean crush higher this year to July.
Some magazines are responding to the new hard times by raising prices.
Lies melt the snow.
Italy Aug CPI seen at 3.3/3.4 pct yr/yr -analysts.
Cadgers are aye cracking of crooksaddles. [Carriers are always talking of pack-saddles.]
Russia MinFins ease on bond freeze worry, Yeltsin.
BALANCE - Lufkin, Texas, GOs at $400,000, repriced.
Who has no head should have legs.
I am not saying take me on my good days.
Nihon Kenshi - 1996 parent forecast.
Christmas has been talked of so long that it has come at last.
It believes its TeleScript technology will be to computers what Postscript was to printer.
RESEARCH ALERT-Kinki Nippon Tourist rated.
If you share a man's wealth, try to lessen his misfortune.
Mecon Inc names Schmidt president, COO.
I left what I knew for what I heard praised, and repented.
The higher the mountain the lower the vale, the taller the tree the harder the fall.
They will now be asked to use only small bottles.
UK's Thistle Hotels confirms flotation plans.
Australian govt pushes budget, despite protests.
Do you want to buy cheap? Buy of a needy fool.
IBM is maintaining a disdain for using NT.
The wind swirls around the Earth and its magnetic field, triggering spectacular aurorae.
Intel has already fought a bitter, hugely expensive five-year legal battle with AMD.
E.Asian Grain - Japan sees freight up, buys corn.
There can be no precise directions on how to approach sites.
Parting is such sweet sorrow.
Turkey sees increased drugs trade, usage.
Well, I will then have to ring her won't I?
W.I. Carr sets warrants on Great Eagle.
Whether these are already USL shareholders or newcomers is still unclear.
Founder Bob Gilkes is now simply chairman.
Talking to parents who send their children to other schools is useful too.
There are many reservations about whether it would be approved ethically.
It's a frog, he said, bending over it.
Galloping the previous day had reinforced the expectation of doing it again.
Mexico's TIIE 28-day rate rises to 27.60 pct.
Robots and the Galactic Empire remained the pivotal themes of Asimov's novels.
The worst wheel of a cart creaks most.
He that does you a very ill turn will never forgive you.
Nothing fresh come back to her?
Calls charged at 36p a minute cheap rate, 48p at all other times.
The two possibilities are, first, article 36:
It has been assumed there is a labour force to manage.
It's no shame to look into the warm spring sun and regret a lost limb.
Akorn sees Q4 loss.
Kitty Swerrock where she sat, Come reach me this, come reach me that.
Don't bargain for fish which are still in the water.
European Tour prize money climbs to record 16 million.
Consolidated Stores Corp Q2 loss vs profit.
It is possible to use a wide range of techniques to treat encopresis.
Large desire is endless poverty.
India's CESC sets 35 percent dividend.
Flight towards preferment will be but slow without some golden feathers.
No good lawyer ever goes to law himself.
He that pities another remembers himself.
Chateau Stores Q2 July 27 turns to profit.
A neighbourhood patrol can thus assume the proportions of an armed convoy.
Nobody's perfect.
Amey wins 21 mln stg HMS Nelson service deal.
You know that, don t you?
Gold Fields CEO urges more mine shifts.
I have flown round the world once and been on Concorde.
Indonesia's SBIs auction results.
ensuring fair competition by removing the obstacles and disincentives to contracting out;
TYNE WEAR DEVELOPMENT CORP USE SUPERSCAPE TO ASSIST IN REDEVELOPMENT SCHEME
Marshall's main headache is dealing with unsuitable contributions.
Speedy execution is the mother of good fortune.
COOKABILITY Great cooks cook on Gas.
And tomorrow the sun will shine again
ASEAN countries concerned at rising grain imports.
Growing Czech mammoth Chemapol Group looks abroad.
Inco appoints Gendron as Voisey's Bay chief.
India's Chidambaram expects to meet fiscal goal.
Know, cabbages, that there is spinach in the stew.
Corner a dog in a dead-end street and it will turn and bite.
To claim understanding would be a kindly fiction.
Clay and lime conceal much evil.
Never squat with your spurs on.
He is happy that thinks himself so.
What! keep a dog and bark myself?
Argentine unions lash out at Menem's labor plans.
I always wish now that I'd met him.
Honour once lost never returns.
Reproduced from Tennis by Jeremy Woods (Crowood Press) available from Tennis World Book Service
PRESS DIGEST - Denmark - Aug 26.
He who can predict winning numbers should not set off fire crackers.
There is, for instance, likely to be different weighting for results.
In the last quarter, however, sales increased from 341.5 million to 357 million.
Gulf Oil to close U.K. Milford unit for six days.
Treacle tart from the baker's do you? offered Joe.
A beetle can pass only one gene to each of its offspring.
FOCUS - Bundesbank rate shock boosts shares, dollar.
Japan July copper wire and cable orders up 5.6 pct.
Commercial Property: Orderly disposals mark the way back
RTRS-P.Lehmann Wines yr net profit jumps.
The old pipe gives the sweetest smoke.
A frog in a well-shaft seeing the sky.
The musically gifted have probably fared better than most.
He who eats the meat let him pick the bone.
It shows the low-energy spiral field that surrounds a carbon particle.
Miss what shall we call it?
WIN AN AMAZING HOLIDAY TO DISNEYLAND PLUS 300 spending money.
ATT ISTEL HAS RS/6000 VERSION OF WITNESS
Suddenly it all began to look hopeful again.
What matters is the record of action which actually followed his visit to Klagenfurt.
Choose a wife from among your equals.
Angela works closely with Dr Jim McDonnell, the Director of the Catholic Communications Centre.
A girl, a vineyard, an orchard, and a bean-field, are hard to watch.
Israeli president invites Arafat to home - paper.
Opportunity makes the thief.
Words, as it were, must return to base.
Now that you have a suitable yarn, how much do you buy?
Hytek sees Q3 earnings below Q2.
But that's not going to fool anybody.
From my gossip's bread a large piece for my godson.
There is no question whatsoever of a whitewash.
Eating while seated makes one of large size; eating while standing makes one strong.
Kylie's audience relates to her perfectly.
That makes him worth about 60m on the hoof.
I don't know whether I'm allowed to say now thank heavens for that.
Reuters to offer news via IBM infoMarket.
Indonesia's Pertamina confirms tanker sinks.
Database technology does not provide a completely satisfactory solution to this problem.
Both WAVE and ABES studios are corporate members of WACC.
The master's eye and foot are the best manure for the field.
Indeed, Hinkes makes it clear that the weather and snow conditions were pretty awful.
"They say" is a fool.
Med oil products steady to touch firmer.
Go Home! is the advice from Wildwood, NJ.
PRESS DIGEST -- Bosnia -- Aug 21.
Swedish shares dip in wake of company reports.
When a camel is at the foot of a mountain then judge of his height.
A soft answer bids a Furioso to put up his sword.
Tell your friend your secret, and he will set his foot on your neck.
Argentine grain/oilseed reference prices adjusted.
St Petersburg Telephone to auction shares.
The smoke of a man's own house is better that the fire of another.
Sobering business waiting to be invaded.
Anger and haste hinder good counsel.
The rasp of carpentry wakes you.
NATO abandons blast site over Serb concern.
Jane Cox was standing there transfixed, her eyes staring in an inhuman gaze.
During the wintertime, there's no sunlight.
When the tree is fallen every one runs to it with his axe.
No investment contract may be sold or signed outside of an office place.
CODED COMMUNICATIONS AGREEMENT TO ACQUIRE DECOM SYSTEMS
He that marries late marries ill.
The more laws the less justice.
The very experience of survival may create new strengths and deeper perception.
CBOT soybeans close higher as crop concerns build.
They that be in hell ween there is none other heaven.
Japan offers 1.0 trln yen 3.1 pct 10-year bond.
What much is worth comes from the earth.
OMV to press ahead with job cuts.
And often the situation is one that
DEFENSE SOFTWARE SYSTEMS AND ISRAEL CORP CHOOSE NAME FOR SEMICONDUCTOR VENTURE
Between wording and working is a long road.
Even if hiring, think about taking a thin wetsuit.
Bristol, Conn., $4.26 million deal A1 by Moody's.
There must be no schools which are winners or losers.
We mustn't let it happen to us, however we feel.
MacMillan Bloedel names new chairman.
One tongue is enough for a woman.
This was because in all 11 cases, the referent was an established discourse focus.
I'm always with pain in the body.
Distracted by what is far away, he does not see his nose.
It is now rushing to finalise a bold programme of reforms.
e, f: Roman gold aureus of Caesar and Plancus, 45 B.C. ( 2.5).
French finance minister cuts growth forecast.
A keen sailor, he has just completed a course for yacht master offshore.
Kevorkian arrested after aiding 2nd suicide of day.
No names, no pack-drill.
There were no egresses in the featureless white tile walls.
Men fated to be happy need not haste.
Who saw the Mary Whitehouse Experience ?
He was infallible, kindly and not above having a go at the medicinal whisky.
Good watching drives away ill-luck.
Children have to manage with normal un-adapted furniture.
Rebukes ought not to have a grain more of salt than of sugar.
Instead, they have beached in a large stain across Britain's front gardens.
Forethought is easy, repentance hard.
It's as if she's dead, she says quietly.
He that gains well and spends well needs no account book.
Tell the truth and shame the Devil.
On the third day we were assessed on our guiding abilities.
We must realize that time is running out faster than we think.
TENNIS-FERREIRA BEATS MARTIN TO FACE WOODBRIDGE IN FINALS.
Ltd. 1922 1 A.C. 27, 34, where Viscount Haldane said:
McEnroe still my smash hit says Tatum
Love of lads and fire of chats is soon in and soon out.
Whitbread says Bass referral likely.
Produced as part of BBC Radio 2's Home Check Campaign May 20th-24th 1991
FOCUS - Fed stays put, but rate hike seen inevitable.
A diligent man ever finds that something remains to be done.
Mexican mob takes law into its own hands.
With 50m capital we could surely produce something; prevent patients becoming as dependent.
Utility underwear was strong and serviceable but totally lacking in glamour.
After restoration, the horse box will be run on the Gwili Railway.
Trocadero expects tripling of revenues.
Waste not want not.
Yokohama Chikagai -96/97 parent forecast.
Magnus requested that Finreir and Teclis teach the full secrets of magic to humans.
EU clears BA takeover of TAT Airlines.
A wicked man's gift hath a touch of his master.
One must glean at harvest time.
RTRS-Optus says results will not disappoint.
The canon did add an alternative: that we ask God to control it.
Love levels all inequalities.
In the area of medical treatment, however, the court can and sometimes must intervene.
This proposal is a sort of half-way house.
Man's life's a vapor, and full of woes; he cuts a caper, and down he goes.
Scaffolding collapses in New York injuring 10 people.
NWE gas oil sentiment lifts despite lower futures.
It doesn't matter what the source is, he added.
Tired oxen must tread hard.
Japan finance firms to remain competitive - Moody's.
wash all fruit and vegetables thoroughly before use, peel where appropriate
Compacts establish a positive mechanism for communication between disparate groups.
Well repairs to lift Heidrun oil output - Statoil.
There is a widespread recognition of the reality of covetousness.
Pipe deliveries to Novorossiisk resume - shipping.
A fool shows his annoyance at once, but a prudent man overlooks an insult.
The race is not always to the swift.
Sir Geoffrey Howe delivered a sombre warning of the dangers of relapse.
He denied all charges and said that he had been severely tortured.
They that have no other meat Bread and butter are glad to eat.
This, however, does not assist on the point now under consideration.
European vegetable oils end little changed.
Eagles catch no flies.
She threw herself into his arms, sighing deeply when he half-heartedly returned her embrace.
Spain's Bilbao Vizcaya takes stake in Ganadero.
Nigger laughed, and told Terry about his burnt posterior episode.
Poland sells PLN 23 mln 1-yr bonds, prices rise.
No day in which you learn something is a complete loss.
CHRISTMAS is coming but for some people the goose isn't getting fat.
It's amazing how quickly you stop when you've left the undercarriage up.
The Syrian soldier nearest to the door held out his arms in friendship.
And we used to get it from Chile.
Bank/Portugal sets 10 bln esc variable rate repo.
A little while later, I walked slowly out of the house.
One bad general is better than two good ones.
Jakarta call money hovers at 11.0/12.0 percent.
Students of Scottish history shudder at the name.
Now we are having to stand on our own.
Think of ease, but work on.
The whole school was closed down a few years ago.
There is no answer for God out of my house, and What have you to do with my wife?
Brazil social security gap seen 6 bln reais -paper.
Varnishing hides a crack.
The best always goes first.
China to crack down on graft in army recruitment.
Both lungs, that really was unfair.
Love rules his kingdom without a sword.
Slovak central bank crown fixings - Aug 20.
Racing: Nashwan steers wide of the Arc for finale
Zenchiku -6mth parent forecast.
Jenny Craig Q4 shr rises.
Hilton Int'l to operate new hotel in Israel.
Asia echoes Clinton tobacco measures.
An iron hand in a velvet glove.
He has nothing who has not enough.
Utilicorp NZ seeks injunction on Mercury PNZ offer.
Meanwhile, the site would have to be constantly monitored and guarded.
This cut the 12-month visible-trade surplus to 1.1 billion, from 1.8 billion in February.
Telkom at $28 in London.
Speech is often repented, silence never.
Words in mouth, no load upon head.
He felt keenly about social issues, national and international.
If you would have the lamp burn, you must pour oil into it.
Arms carry peace.
Well, there are some real schmucks out there.
Create Medic -6mth parent results.
Every bird needs its own feathers.
To continue this vital work, we urgently need your help.
Faults are thick where love is thin.
ST Electronic 1H net profit up 29.6 pct.
There is little point devising programmes that will appeal only to Britain's newly dispossessed.
He sits not sure that sits too high.
Scores of relocated villagers said dying in Burma.
OPTIONS - Short straddle traded in Railtrack.
I think so I think so.
Cautious in small matters, careless in great.
Presentations with overhead projection or slides may soon look old-fashioned.
Though my father-in-law is a good man, I do not like a dog with a bell.
The wise understand by themselves, fools follow the reports of others.
Visa International gives go-ahead for Vietnam card.
The father in praising the son extols himself.
China Jan-July crude oil imports up 56 pct yr/yr.
Might overcomes right.
Back to the future at North Sea oil conference.
Enough's as good as a feast.
U.S. Midwest seen warming up late next week.
A Lesson with Mary will also appear next month so watch out for that.
He cannot speak well that cannot hold his tongue.
Lokken holds 11.1 pct Applied stake.
RESEARCH ALERT - WorldCom Inc raised.
Fourth person charged in Belgian child sex scandal.
Irish retail rate rise still possible - analysts.
We'll talk about that later, Mark said, sipping his Scotch thoughtfully.
It could have been caused by some sort of disaster or accident.
Duff raises Fisher Scientific note rating.
SOCCER-FOWLER AND MCMANAMAN OUT OF ENGLAND SQUAD.
Helwan Portland Cement to raise dividend.
Albank Financial Corp sets qtly $0.12/shr.
INVICTA BUYS CONSTRUCTION DISTRIBUTOR.
Cuban court sentences Vesco to 13 years in jail.
Many larger authorities now provide secretarial and other supportive services for members.
S.Africa markets look to Stals for clues on rates.
That is pleasant to remember which was hard to endure.
A bundled version of Novell's TCP/IP networking software will also be available for 600.
we shall again descend, slow and still,
None knew if she was in the family way?
Kerry says half-year profit rise 21 percent.
Michael Clark was talking to Richard Benson
It is a sorry house in which the cock is silent and the hen crows.
It has to be my best deal, says Virani.
Diamond Dogs and Soul tour shots from 74/ 75
Measure twice, cut once.
Net Trust is a movement of Christians committed to the following purposes:
She has written recently of the current situation in Zaire.
How many daily read the Bible, and yet pursue their course of evil.
All is not lost that is in danger.
If you hear hoof beats, look for horses, not zebras.
Chilean advertising growth seen slowing in 1996.
Quadraphony had arrived, and Edward Greenfield reported on the first issues.
Splicing new wood into a vertical section of frame may involve removing glass.
You won't worry if I don't reply, will you?
Sudanese plane hijackers release 140 hostages.
Nothing is haste but catching flies.
Leading Italian Mafia boss cooperating with police.
BolsWessanen says H1 down on incidentals.
Beware, froth is not beer.
Seven dead in Brazil road crash.
Romanian Carne-Arad H1 profit plummets.
But the moral for the East German leadership is worrying.
Never fall out with your bread and butter.
Just part of the Bicentenary celebrations of St Wilfrid's Preston.
We will call any such trip a tour .
Lloyd's to appeal U.S. court case immediately.
It is such a beautiful day today.
Language, William Burroughs say, is a virus.
The squeaking wheel gets the grease.
Lip courtesy pleases much and costs little.
Lloyd's says Kentucky joins State Agreement.
U.S. foreign crude business quiet, Brent deal done.
Most stockmarkets rebounded after the start of war in the Gulf.
To a son-in-law and a hog you need show the way but once.
London timecharter fixtures.
Four Seasons to hold vote on share changes.
BSkyB sees digital TV link with BT.
To my mind, like Kipling's Proosian Bates, he was a downy bird.
Some of this conflict is productive.
Many other schools already distribute gifts to the local community.
U.S. HEADLINE STOCKS - Issues to watch - Aug 20.
We can see how this occurred in our first two case studies.
He that refuseth praise the first time does it because he would have it the second.
But the others found his apparent calm hard to take.
Once through, he crouched down, trying to get his bearings.
Keep well with your neighbours, whether right or wrong.
Broken friendship may be soldered but can never be made sound.
Bombay stocks-recent FII equity trading volumes.
Somebody from London that'd lost their family
With a national competition there will be some very valuable regional coverage to organise.
Canon Chemicals -1996 parent forecast.
IPO FILING -- Transcend Therapeutics Inc.
A good deed is never lost.
It cost seven guineas but I think it was worth it.
NYMEX oil complex closes up, gasoline leads gains.
ACORN LAUNCH RISC OS 3 AT HANNOVER FAIR
If the doctor cures, the sun sees it; but if he kills, the earth hides it.
US money managers turn defensive on US debt -- MCM.
125g (4oz) white grapes (seedless or with pips removed), washed and halved
You saw him coming in, didn't you?
Berlin trial of former Politburo member suspended.
Currently available on Sun Microsystems Inc's Sparcstations, iView runs under OSF's Motif graphical user.
Each of the species accounts is laid out as follows:
Excuse me, but is there any afters?
The fear that the assessors (SEAC) might ignore the curriculum developers remains.
Poorly wrapped frozen food may lose so much water it eventually develops freezer burn.
The logic of this argument creates an unbreakable circle.
Vainglory blossoms but never bears.
You can't win them all.
Good half-year Mobil report buoys Ghana exchange.
South Korea steps up war on campus unrest.
But they were quarrelling all the time!
Never share a foxhole with anyone braver than you are.
TPC Corp sets $5 mln stock buyback.
We easily give advice to others.
Milk the cow that standeth still.
I'm an old man, and everyone is dying around me.
India's Rao wins respite in cheating case.
Where you smart there I will hit you.
These do not necessarily represent a kind of tyranny imposed by men on women.
She paused and smiled conspiratorially at Nora.
That which proves too much proves nothing.
Well begun is half done.
RTRS-Argyle denies causing Indian diamond problems.
He is as good a Catholic as Duke Alva's dog; who ate flesh in Lent.
Bearing in mind you're looking for colour and .
I only wish we could show them more of it.
I wept when I was born, and every day shows why.
Italian bonds/futures closing report.
Dave Speed: This was not a Budget for jobs
ASIAN DEBT MARKETS - Kookmin makes mark.
The interim dividend is raised by 5.2 per cent to 1.525p.
The first drink with water, the second without water, the third like water.
RESEARCH ALERT - Penta-Ocean rated.
Foreigners net sellers of Japan stock via 10 firms.
RTRS - Australian Budget-Treasury fiscal projections.
Mother Teresa still fighting for her life.
He has left no means untried.
Mr Arthur Cross said: The men who did this are bloody murderers.
POLISH GOVMT BODY APPROVES INVESTMENT FUND LAW.
No, I believe the two sets of findings are reconcilable.
Bachelor's fare: bread and cheese and kisses.
Among thorns grow roses.
M.A.I.D in on-line partnership with EMD.
FOCUS - Rentokil gets BET boost, changes name.
She spoke more eagerly than I had ever heard her speak before.
Ric is now in his fourth year at Otley College.
Taiwan launches latest drive for U.N. seat.
But if you really don't want him
Control products or packages should always be used where possible.
No matter how tall the mountain, it cannot block out the sun.
BOK intervenes again to slow won's fall - dealers.
But I give you this pledge.
None so deaf as he that will not hear.
What youth learns, age does not forget.
Neither seek nor shun the fight.
When nought comes to aught, it does not know itself.
RTRS-Australia jobs assumptions conservative - govt.
Kelly is cup hero as Rovers crash
However, here are a few points to include.
Outside in the street I took her hand for the first time.
INTERVIEW - Pru says in no rush to buy.
FEATURE - Campaigners want power against child sex tourists.
A dead mouse feels no cold.
But don't worry, there's a glutinous happy ending.
If asked, I would describe myself as average height, with dyed black hair.
Like will to like.
Surrounding the stones is a wooden tun lined with zinc.
Money isn't everything, but it's way ahead of whatever is in second place.
Laws were made for rogues.
Caine has even bought an apartment overlooking the restaurant.
FOCUS-Adia to merge with Ecco.
He that cannot abide a bad market deserves not a good one.
They aim to win by detaching the Labour Party as a whole.
The soldier's blood exalts the captain.
If someone betrays you once, it's his fault. If he betrays you twice, it's your fault.
VIRGIN GROUP TO EXPAND INTO SOUTH AFRICA -- PAPER.
Pakistani yarn rates end steady, seen falling.
Wet brown arms reached out of the pool and shook my hand.
What will not performance achieve?
It's a little more than that, Toby.
The smoke of my own house is better than another man's fire.
For a reason not fully understood, animals with large brains have extended natural lifespans.
The following table gives some idea:
Cross the stream where it is ebbest.
The family hopes Mum never gets HC.
Bucharest stocks mixed, volumes keep low.
I never was satisfied with "I will, I will." One "take this" is better than two "I will give you."
Without fully understanding, Jinny moved instinctively.
A scorpion never stung me but I cured myself with its grease.
Banks now opened on Saturdays because the building societies had gone on the attack.
Not to wish to recover is a mortal symptom.
It is better to walk fast than to grow angry at the forest.
Those were the last words she ever said.
Near-bankrupt Niger to cut student grant bill.
Anger is more hurtful than the injury that caused it.
I want to do some scuba, for Christ's sake!
Furthermore, the royal servants of sixteenth-century England were very few in number.
can they be, can they be sued afterwards
Beat the churl and he will be your friend.
China corn exports a missed opportunity - trade.
You have debts, and make debts still; if you've not lied, lie you will.
Eridania up sharply on costs outlook.
At the vets in an X-RAY shows up letter three,
No, the fact is that my trustees have been putting the screws on.
Make no more haste than good speed.
Jim says the father is dead and there is some mystery about the mother.
Beauty and folly are often companions.
However, the number of closures of unfit dwellings also increased.
Our neighbour's children are always the worst.
Entry forms for the various competitions are available from the organisers.
LONDON CURRENCY AND GOLD BULLION RATES.
Taiwan dollar ends stable despite fund inflows.
J.F. Lazartigue have opened a second Diagnostic and Advisory Hair Centre at .
The better the fruit, the more wasps to eat it.
Manila's 96 coconut exports seen at 2.5-2.6 mln T.
The sunroof and air conditioning are cost extras.
The poster for the 1992 IAWA exhibition held in Madrid in September
We will restore funding for development education in the UK.
Lust of power is the strongest of all passions.
Where do they get it from?
Do not employ handsome servants.
When the next house is on fire, 'tis high time to look to your own.
The French used this period of waiting to obtain up-to-the-minute intelligence about Portsmouth.
Greatness alone in not enough, or the cow would outrun the hare.
Surgery found effective in treating prostate cancer.
Shock German rate cut boosts shares, dollar.
He sifted, somewhat peeved, through the remaining unopened mail.
When the tree waves, wind is stirring.
Take advantage of me while I'm here, Liz, and get some rest, she urged.
Alfacell says Onconase seen inhibiting HIV.
You've got to stare the cat down out of the tree.
Nobody had planned a mental illness service before.
EnergyNorth unit in Vermont propane venture.
Far from the eye, far from the heart.
I suppose I was technically dead when they were operating.
Crazy wheels run longest.
Immediately Miss Doris decided to promote her to dance arranger.
Mind yer, it's only rumour really.
Jon Speelman, unusually for him, opened 1.
The sweetest grapes hang highest.
Between the hand and the mouth the soup is often spilt.
That is not what the clubs are there for.
National U.S. avg prices for farmer-owned reserve.
You were in Trebizond with him.
Minimum rate 8.58 pct at Italy lira repo.
Any other questions ladies and gentlemen?
When at last I looked up we'd almost arrived at the village.
There was widespread disquiet in the media and elsewhere.
Apasco, Ahmsa formalise cement-slag plant accord.
Please let's have more pics and features on my favourite player Goran Ivanisevic.
SEC adopts rules to improve investor access to best stock prices.
Japan capital spending gathering strength - survey.
After Christmas comes Lent.
The conscience, in common with all things associated with life, grows from small beginnings.
But otherwise all the rules for writing it apply, in miniature.
Show me not the meat, but show me the man.
Even among the apostles there was a Judas.
Ducats are clipped, pence are not.
Dlr/yen traders skeptical of volatility pick-up.
Every animal knows more than you do.
Oddly enough the waterlilies are displayed in rooms remarkably similar to these.
There are black sheep in every flock.
Most people find they can improve their recall of dreams with practice.
I wouldn't be a girl for five trillion pounds.
Make the best of a bad bargain.
He smiled at her and gave her a little wink.
ValueVision Q2 profit vs loss.
Dutch cocoa trade sees only light buying interest.
Sisters of Charity, Leavenworth Health Aa--Moody's.
Of course the paper was not totally iconoclastic.
Israel's Clal Industries Q2 net down.
In the year to February France's visible-trade deficit stood at 11.2 billion.
1986 No. 1925), rule 7.55, which provided:
Finally, the relationship with curriculum and children's learning needs to be considered.
ZIMBABWE CIVIL SERVANTS DEFY ORDER TO END STRIKE.
A peacock has too little in its head, too much in its tail.
Gaza journalists briefly boycott cabinet meeting.
LAM RESEARCH AND WESTECH SYSTEMS FORGE ON ALONE
What do you think of him?
He means slipping, Luke reassured her.
Fletcher Forest rises after briefing.
If you are still not happy, don't let a visitor in.
Tennis: Becker names his six of the best
Talbots sales softened in last 2 wks of July.
You can't catch a cub without going into the tiger's den.
But we've never gone looking for trouble.
No great difficulties on the road, which is mainly flat and straight.
To rule the mountains is to rule the river.
He stopped altogether as Lachlan solemnly shook his head.
There is a remedy for everything but death.
The more sorrow one encounters, the more joy one can contain.
The unfortunate know who are their real friends.
Horses for courses.
A little help does a great deal.
But we'll go, all of us, just as soon as we can make it.
Bail conditions appear also to have become a standard practice in public order cases.
Then the executioner put something over her eyes.
Anger is shortlived in a good man.
As a result their work required very little skill.
AYALA CORP SIGN AGREEMENT WITH SINGAPORE TELECOM
friend of Mrs Jarley, a penurious rhymester who makes up advertising jingles.
I will not change a cottage in possession for a kingdom in reversion.
Setting out well is a quarter of the journey.
The Marathon is a challenge, but it is not a health event as such.
Kansas feedlot cattle market quiet, no sales - USDA.
US WCoast prods decline on refinery returns, APIs.
PRESS DIGEST - Cyprus - Aug 21.
Even a straw becomes heavy, if you carry it far enough.
There are good dogs of all sizes.
FOCUS - Computer 2000 sets delayed rights issue.
CME September lumber posts limit gains late.
The SDP opposes further nationalization, believing it to be inefficient.
CRICKET-ENGLAND V PAKISTAN FINAL TEST SCOREBOARD.
If the hyena eats the sick man, he will eat the whole one.
Canadian bonds end firmer, outperform U.S. market.
A man of few words but learned withal.
Allah has said, "Start moving so that I may start blessing."
Dates of maternity absence notified by your employees.
Shocked's reponse was to learn, and fast.
Caroline takes a detached, healthy and realistic attitude to TV.
News about the government attracted attention; politics and parties were less popular.
There was no mitigating feature in the shape of a plea of guilty.
TENNIS-QUENCH YOUR THIRST - IF YOU CAN AFFORD IT AT U.S. OPEN.
Chapter 3, section 3.3 discusses poverty and the distribution of income.
Tubbs and Lewis ran the mill for some time but finally ceased production there.
Czech coach in fatal crash in Austria.
Where quantities are measured in spoonfuls we mean a level spoonful unless otherwise indicated.
GOLF-WOODS WINS THIRD-STRAIGHT AMATEUR TITLE.
Did Newman ask questions about your sister?
Give an example of an application that might require multiple-key processing.
Good actions are never lost.
The following characteristics of , , etc. are to be noted.
Furthermore, local farmers had not reported any stock losses since the 1989 sightings.
A man must make himself despicable before he is despised by others.
No corn without chaff.
TENNIS-SANCHEZ GETS LATE WAKEUP CALL TO MOVE INTO FINAL.
It's having that knowledge you know
Lehman says bullish on ADT despite deal worries.
SKW Trostberg up on MBT takeover plans.
BUBA triggers European rate cuts with easing.
So we're looking at we're looking at nine fifty.
One hair of a maiden's head pulls harder than ten yoke of oxen.
One word brings on another.
He probably thought of my wrath to follow.
God give you luck, my son, for little wit must serve your turn.
However impractical, I like the idea that books should be physically beautiful.
JAZZ / Pete Martin selects a fortnight of gigs, starting with Lionel Hampton
It might be that the climate of opinion had changed.
Simply because we life in inflationary times.
Stretch yourself according to your cover-lid.
Sadly she had the baby on the streets whilst only eight months pregnant.
I'd rather face up to things alone.
For valve combo, preferably Fender or Vox.
Copies are also available from the Secretary's Department.
My daughter-in-law tucked up her sleeves, and upset the kettle into the fire.
Canada daily lumber export figures to U.S..
If you are travelling please check with venue .
Washington Construction sets meeting date.
She sat down on the other side of the desk.
There are more threatened than slain.
Don't draw another's bow, don't ride another's horse, don't mind another's business.
Old age does not announce itself.
looked the subtle balance effected by the genius of James.
If every one were wise, a fool would be the prize.
President Skou-Tour gave him a warm welcome.
To lather an ass's head is only wasting soap.
Then Nathan was in her head, part of her mind.
Italy bond futures sag at close as prop gives way.
There's nowt so queer as folk.
RTRS-Path seen clear for silver to trade higher.
Looking back on it, I think David Leadbetter's swing change was important.
Malta to issue 2.1 mln lira 28-day t-bills Friday.
The pan says to the pot: Keep off, or you'll smutch me.
Singapore bunkers steady, cargo levels scrutinised.
Little thieves are hanged, but great ones escape.
La Quinta Inns Inc lowers qtly to $0.0175.
Two S.Korean flour firms seek 23,000T wheat.
Duty Free International Inc Q2 net rises.
NATO blows up 24 tonnes of contraband Serb ammo.
RTRS-Australia's ACCC says looking at Australis.
Much taste, much waste.
British transport policy continues to emphasise mobility rather than accessibility.
Any more comments about the local government unit?
Indian castor futures rise on speculative buying.
Mostly when they are mentioned they are mentioned in the same breath as legacies.
The story is simple; the ramifications complex.
LCE white sugar end slightly weaker in tight range.
attention should not only focus on the workplace.
Newport Beach, California-based PickTel Corporation has Advanced Pick 5.2 up on SVR4-for-Intel machines.
ANB Corp boosts quarterly dividend.
If they Microsoft don't do it, they are missing the boat.
Speak little and well, they will think you somebody.
We duly became airborne and flew back to base with no further trouble.
RTRS-OPINION-Russell Barton's Canberra Closeup: Labor's bad week.
This summary list indicates the amount of work still to be done.
Can't you appreciate the predicament I'm in?
Slovak c.bank crown/dollar fix at 30.405 (30.468).
Double charging will break a cannon.
Deciduous azaleas bring subtly contrasting colour in autumn
He who is feared by many, fears many.
Ericsson wins 160 mln skr Japan deal.
China to cut rates 1.2-1.5 pts this weekend - paper.
He who would gather honey must brave the sting of bees.
Too much wisdom is folly.
None of the allowances they now receive is specifically related to this time-consuming work.
Command over Chechnya operation remains unclear.
As William of St Denis put it,
Next year the Association of Tennis Professionals takes command.
would feed the child regularly in a
Though the bird's in the net It may get away yet.
RESEARCH ALERT - Nippon Meat rated.
Work is still on-going with Version 2.
Solicitors: B. C. Mascarenhas, London; Allison Humphreys; Treasury Solicitor.
Treat everything of this world as mere vanity.
After the sour comes the sweet.
Now he is champion his compatriots have done their job.
Turkey 189-day t-bill avg yield rises to 135.0 pct.
Ah, but I get I get embarrassed because you people are so cruel!
LONDON Anthony d'Offay Gallery (499 4100) Michael Clark Heterospective.
Suncor lowers Canada heavy oil price.
He succeeds Fr Jim Franks SVD who died suddenly at the end of March.
But now Fleury really had to go.
RTRS-BHP says growth important post budget.
A day's work--getting started.
You cackle often, but never lay an egg.
In Constanta alone there are over 550 children with AIDS.
Nearby, Holme Post shows how far the land is vulnerable to environmental change.
They were not kept waiting, the train coming in exactly to schedule.
From a silent man, and a dog that does not bark, deliver us.
Of your wife and your tried friend believe nothing but what you know for certain.
But we are still left with the problem of testing.
Sugared words generally prove bitter.
Similarly, as Benjamin found with film, mass dissemination does not guarantee innovative production.
Some cities have found other uses for old Christmas trees.
WorldCom to acquire MFS for $14 billion.
Better my hog dirty home than no hog at all.
The court quashed decisions not to give furniture grants in two cases.
Somerset Group Inc sets payout.
He that bites on every weed must needs light on poison.
But in an instant the laughter was gone from the Political Officer's mouth.
He that is once at sea, must either sail or sink.
It was as if they had forgotten they owned her.
Weaker imports help shrink June U.S. trade deficit.
&quot;Break a leg&quot; brings bad luck to Globe actor.
Rambo's won first time, and now it looks like they've got a decent horse.
Love knows not labour.
Does the panel agree that we are not communicating effectively?
Top Africans and black Americans met in Gabon to foster brotherly feeling.
They're always fighting the previous war.
RTRS-Australia court acquits Elliott of fraud.
When they offer you a ring, hold out your finger.
The husband's mother is the wife's devil.
After victory, tighten your helmet chord.
The hunchback does not see his own hump, but sees his companion's.
GOLF-MONTGOMERIE IN CONTENTION WITH A 68.
People didn't contribute towards an education trust.
PaineWebber adds Lowe's to its focus list.
I refer to the letter headed Rider Insurance in your February issue.
Eli Lilly licenses drugs to Dura.
Little knoweth the fat sow what the lean doth mean.
Every stone conceals a lurking scorpion.
NOKIA ADS ENDS AT $40-3/4 (FIM 182.27).
It was common sense that finally prevailed.
A knife wound heals; a wound caused by words does not.
He who grasps too much lets much fall.
It never rains but it pours.
Shanghai copper ends up on LME gains.
Haste manages all things badly.
Borwick has a ghost and many fascinating stories and traditions.
ZENITH TO BUNDLE BORLAND SOFTWARE WITH PC PRODUCTS
Indonesia Telkom at 28-3/4 in New York.
Brent/Dubai narrows in Asia as Dubai spreads widen.
Comparisons are made with restated figures to reflect discontinued operations.
Gingrich public enemy number one for Democrats.
Hell and Chancery are always open.
The whisper of a pretty girl can be heard further than the roar of a lion.
They could accommodate 200 booths, 50 at the minimum.
Vietnam dissidents get lighter than expected terms.
Above and beyond, the depths receded endlessly, mystery layered beyond mystery for ever.
Argentina placed $5.04 bln in reverse repos.
Common cause against Great Britain was the first step.
The fool saith, Who would have thought it?
No day is wholly productive of evil.
All day Stig rides on the sledge, a real sledge dog.
No song, no supper.
Reserve the master-blow.
I'm not exactly sure what this is, to begin with.
It could be a joint development or a pricey investment by a third party.
RTRS-Metway says current year looking good.
One is to emphasise women's presence in the world.
Distinctive Nez Perce corn-husk bags of the late nineteenth century.
There is no story because there is no past tense.
A pestilence follows a famine.
He gathers up ashes and scatters flour.
People who have bread to eat do not appreciate the severity of a famine.
Don't ask a dog to judge between a pillar and a tree.
Rouble dips after T-bill auctions, o/n rates high.
He continued to play for the club until the age of 65.
Erm what about I'm just trying to find something that you're not good at.
The fugitive finds everything impede him.
Give an ass oats and he runs after thistles.
Do you wish people to think well of you? Don't speak.
He was feeling vulnerable, that's all.
He who has been first a novice and then an abbot, knows what the boys do behind the altar.
To be safe it has to be rationed.
It presupposes that the functionally optimal capitalist state is in some senses class-neutral.
He that complies against his will is of his own opinion still.
The student is arrested, tried and sentenced to 20 years.
If you truly want honesty, don't ask questions you don't really want the answer to.
The hasty man never wants woe.
Short shooting loseth the game.
Brazil civil service reform faces vote in Congress.
GREAT POP THINGS Goes shopping with the stars (an occasional series) this week
John 14: 27; Hebrews 4: 9.
XI and has also represented Inner London County S.F.A.
There is no good in preaching to the hungry.
I'd have to be crazy, he thought.
RTRS-AMLC National Weekly Report-Prices to Aug 26.
He who sleeps well does not feel the fleas.
The mother reckons well, but the child reckons better.
By 1945 the figure was just 8 per cent.
God defend me from my friends; from my enemies I can defend myself.
ATT intends selling the MIPS boxes into the federal government.
NCI Building Systems Inc Q3 net rises.
Let not thy right hand know what thy left hand doeth.
Iran-Pakistan pipeline plan remains uncertain.
This is the week our sister publication, the Unigram-for-NT goes live.
The Worst Witch comes to Hull
He who knows little quickly tells it.
One funeral makes many.
That's one to remember, I didn't understand what I was saying!
Then, adjusting his aim, he ran his lance through Richard's horse.
A plank in a wreck.
FORECAST - Hard winter seen denting HBG H1 net.
In Judaism, where we find the same secret teachings in the Kabbalah.
The fox says of the mulberries when he cannot get at them; they are not good at all.
PRESS DIGEST - Brazil - Aug 26.
The man who is born in a stable is not a horse.
Colombia raises internal coffee price.
He that hath many irons in the fire, some of them will cool.
RTRS-PRESS DIGEST - Australian Business News - Aug 22.
Russian grain harvest seen at 77 mln tonnes.
These two paths travel through country.
When a mouse makes fun of a cat, there is a hole.
Bell Atlantic requests arbitration.
The blade wears out the sheath.
Many strokes fell great oaks.
Portugal's Cimpor H1 96 cons net higher.
SOCCER-ARSENAL DIRECTORS IN ROWDY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING.
Attack is the best form of defence.
But I have since come across three other instances.
Two may lie so as to hang a third.
Not when we're moving to a democracy, not with a multi-party system.
It will be matt silver-white and an ideal projection screen.
The males in the bachelor groups of gelada may show homosexual behaviour.
The Israeli company reports figures in US dollars.
As the call, so the echo.
U.S. debt futures close mixed, relief after FOMC.
The best mirror is an old friend.
A grunting house and a groaning wife seldom fail their master.
Tell your friend a lie; and if he keeps it secret, tell him the truth.
GREEK BONDS TO RALLY ON TIGHTER ECON POLICY - BOFA.
I would answer the second question relating to the expression is being accordingly.
SOCCER-SUMMARIES OF GERMAN FIRST DIVISION MATCHES.
Indonesia's Danareksa indicative bonds prices.
They wheel and they deal and plot and plan,
No one gets into trouble without his own help.
Africans win legal battles over French expulsion.
Only one other opposition party managed to break the 1 per cent barrier.
Key JGBs end Tokyo lower, eyes on 'tankan' survey.
A good bone does not always come to a good dog.
CRH adds 2.65 bln French francs to June 2006 bond.
Bite me not, my name is little grizzle; had I a little tail I should be a little lion.
Jessie peered upwards at Agnes, and Agnes said, Yes, our mother.
The fierce ox becomes tame on strange ground.
Calcium-channel blockers linked to cancer - study.
Er plus the fact your hands could slip off the wheel or or whatever.
What are you doing? shouted Philip.
One dog yelping at nothing will set ten thousand straining at their collars.
Who has a bad wife, his hell begins on earth.
The fall of a leaf is a whisper to the living.
Precious ointments are put in small boxes.
But then, no ghost has ever been definitively identified, as far as I'm aware.
There was never any is it on or is it off?
Of a good beginning cometh a good end.
The early bird catches the early worm.
BASEBALL-CUBS' SOSA OUT 4-TO-6 WEEKS WITH BROKEN HAND.
U.S. EPA temporarily allows pyridaben on apples.
Things beyond our reach are not worth our consideration.
Swiss doctor kills himself on plane with army knife.
Nothing answers worse than too high farming.
She worried about the amount of supplies she needed.
Doctor agrees mum will try to deliver eight babies.
A wound never heals so well that the scar cannot be seen.
Everything has a wherefore.
Sch 1,600,0001,800,000; 80,70090,900; 156,600175,800) and works by Adriaen and Isaak van Ostade (est.
Is Mark E Smith as grumpy as he appears to be?
The back door robbeth the house.
Did you see me on the rocks?
There seems no justification for this situation.
Arizona files suit against tobacco companies.
British FTSE index closes at record 3,883 points.
When things are at the worst they begin to mend.
They are normally chopped and fed from December to mid-February.
The last drop maketh the cup run over.
Thus Archbishop Fisher had two reasons for not being pleased with the prime minister.
If we are bound to forgive an enemy, we are not bound to trust him.
A spark may raise An awful blaze.
He opens the theatre, and immediately closes it. [He raises expectation, and crushes it at the same time.]
Fed adds reserves via 7-day fixed system RP's.
Smithfield Foods Q1 profit vs loss.
Don't approach a goat from the front, a horse from the back, or a fool from any side.
Way of the World: Roman thoughts
The integration of JobCentres and unemployment benefit offices is expected to lead to redundancies.
Who is responsible for any illnesses or injuries?
I'll shall be there Friday, Pauline, I, I can't make it Thursday.
It is a fair bet that a good many punters were not amused.
It is interesting to discover which are the ants' favourite foods.
Japan aluminium shipments surge 8.9 pct in July.
Amusing myself with such trivial thoughts, I waited for the rain to give up.
I have changed a lot, she answered.
He reached out his hand and felt her forehead.
He that lives in hope dances to an ill tune.
WBK gets loan for takeover of bank branch.
And you say the pain went, too?
They said my girlfriend and I were being unrealistic.
It will leave behind it a carpet of hot foam spread over the road.
Who undertakes many things at once seldom does anything well.
Beat your wife on the wedding day, and your married life will be happy.
Bangchak tenders to buy Oct Mideast crude.
He can cheat a fish of its skin.
SUN DID NOT COMMENT ON OUTLOOK
It is vital that we start a training regime.
Fame is but the breath of the people.
UK delivered grain trades - Aug 27.
And people keep on buying it.
Those who despise money will eventually sponge on their friends.
Spring is when you feel like whistling even with a shoe full of slush.
Save your breath to cool your porridge.
WEATHER - Conditions at CIS airports - August 27.
Sometimes for nights on end I had no sleep.
VNU DETAILS FIRST-HALF OPERATING PROFITS.
Fujikyu - 95/96 parent results.
REUTER EC REPORT LONG-TERM DIARY (12 OF 13).
Use your knowledge in this area to maintain well-being.
Cinemark USA completes $200 mln issue of notes.
George Campbell's book of poetry Earth Testament was illustrated by Edna Manley.
Looks like there really was a shortfall in attendance at Uniforum (UX No 429).
Love, thieves, and fear, make ghosts.
Solbourne is figuring it'll ship its Viking-based Series 6 in the fourth quarter.
Even the goats will jump on a slanted tree.
Diagnon Corp FY '96 May 31 shr flat.
Wall Street ended the week 2.1% higher after briefly reaching a record high.
Punctuality is the soul of business.
Grief unspoken turns to poison.
Whey did he have to take all my teeth out? she mumbled.
He who would be rich in a year gets hanged in six months.
I knitted my way across the Atlantic, he reveals.
Irish bonds slide with Europe, eye Buba meeting.
Weeds never die out.
CBOT grain/oilseed receipts and shipments.
ICRC urges Russia to extend Chechnya ultimatum.
Was the Messiah not bound to suffer thus before entering upon his glory?
You have many strings to your bow.
Israeli president to meet Arafat.
ATHLETICS-KOMEN TAKES ON MORCELI OVER 3,000 METRES.
Keep on being bold, like with the old baggages.
It was Harriet Shakespeare who had looked like that.
Respironics to buy Lifecare International.
INTERVIEW-Rentokil plans no major BET sales.
American Eco to acquire Doug Chalmers.
That which satisfies is enough.
In extreme situations, it may be necessary to resort to arbitration.
It is also a lot easier to shop around among different shares.
Malaysia seen picking up 100,000t corn - trade.
Mother Teresa turns 86 but still in danger.
He is as welcome as the first day in Lent. (Alluding to fastday.)
Ironically, Mike Roberts is one person who welcomed the drought earlier this summer.
But we don't want him just to put them into a cupboard?
If you want to keep camels, have a big enough door.
A man may cause his own dog to bite him.
Hobby horses are dearer than Arabians.
LCE white sugar softer cuts losses by close.
In all, eighteen of the forty-four starters completed the course.
FOCUS - Zeneca shares gyrate on takeover talk.
In time of war the devil makes more room in hell.
Indian sugar prices dip on weak consumer demand.
The stone that lieth not in your way need not offend you.
They should be suitably powerful, though.
He thought what Susan had thought: The parking place close to Lori's house.
RALLYING-BELGIAN SPECTATOR DIES IN FINNISH RALLY.
cos he wasn't interested in taking any
The issues members raise are related to ignorant, inconsiderate or criminal people.
The rat that knows but one hole is soon caught.
SOCCER-MARCELO HAT-TRICK KEEPS PSV AT TOP OF DUTCH LEAGUE.
Vitol forms JV to supply oil products to Serbia.
Comedians, not crime, preoccupy New York voters
Nothing is ever well done in a hurry, except flying from the plague or from quarrels, and catching fleas.
Mr Stevens, she said, Dr Meredith has arrived and gone upstairs.
When he was born, Solomon passed by his door, and could not go in.
Play not with a man till you hurt him, nor jest till you shame him.
U.S. Corporate Earnings IBES Surprise Data Aug 21.
One killed, at least 10 burned in Mexico blast.
It is an equal failing to trust everybody and to trust nobody.
Better ask ten times than go astray once.
The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence.
INTERVIEW - Whitbread sees good leisure spend.
Most of the changes were cosmetic, anyway.
UNIX EXPO ATTENDEES REPRESENT HEFTY PURCHASING POWER
RESEARCH ALERT - M-Sys Flash said a buy.
He who eats of the king's goose will void a feather forty years after.
Here a swarm of common starfish are rapidly devouring the carcass of a fish.
She's got your money, Marco said.
Indian rupee ends up, forward dlr market volatile.
Slimmed workforces and dropping city office rents have seen to that.
Wella first-half profits up sharply.
Not every dog that barks bites.
Bite not the dog that bites.
Rush City ISD 139, Minn., won by FBS Investment.
One tree won't hold two robins.
The gown is his that wears it, and the world his that enjoys it.
we are looking, the other heading here of general skills and abilities.,.
At last Jake put his hand gently on Ruth's shoulder.
It was the first time that night Bob had displayed any real emotion.
Bought wisdom is best.
Pascoe arrived in Longrock at four in the afternoon.
Enough is better than a sackful.
When the wind is in the east, 'tis neither good for man nor beast.
My shirt is nearer than my cloak.
Wolves have howled at the moon for centuries, yet it is still there.
Albertson's Inc Q2 Aug. 1 shr rises.
He who cannot paint must grind the colours.
No gains without pains.
The price is likely to be around 1,400.
U.S. prepares 1997 surplus natural rubber sale.
Smog-choked East seeks aid from rest of U.S..
Zimbabwe strike crisis worsens as bodies pile up.
JLG Industries started with buy rating.
I can picture you in your pinafore making gingerbread men.
Singapore government securities end narrowly mixed.
Reported by Nigel J. Mason Esq., Barrister
Africa mining exploration spending likely to soar.
He that gives time to resolve, gives time to deny, and warning to prevent.
Fort Dearborn Income Securities sets div.
Decision : (considering Smith-Bryant (1989) 11 Cr.App.R.
RTRS-Alpha Health says Berjaya to up stake.
The game was more enjoyable for everyone that way.
Broad Peak success but what about the clients?
The remainder were from a reputable information book written for use in school.
A courageous foe is better than a cowardly friend.
Little sorrows are loud, great ones silent.
Do not throw pearls to swine.
Questor Column: Echoes of the great Armada
After one vice a greater follows.
HK, Taiwan airlines to up ex-Europe air cargo rates.
Cairo conference may not take place -- paper.
On the contrary, its support is total.
Suffolk Cty, N.Y., cost in TWA crash tops $4 mln.
Shell Singapore refinery confirms cutbacks.
Sue a beggar and get a louse.
GOLF-GERMAN OPEN FIRST ROUND SCORES.
The greatest king must at last go to bed with a shovel.
US Interior hog market rcts/estimates - Aug 26.
Trust not a new friend or an old enemy.
Billykins's jaw sagged under her veil.
World market rice prices -- USDA.
He spent 20 minutes comforting Fr Ursell.
I got some wire, said Lee.
He that will not when he may, when he will he shall have nay.
Grind with every wind.
China accounts for 89 pct of HK re-exports in H1.
When there is no wind every man is a pilot.
A canoe does not know who is king. When it turns over, everyone gets wet.
FEATURE - Canadian gambling fever hotter than U.S..
All women may be won.
Further information: Linn Products Ltd., Floors Road, Waterfoot, Eaglesham, Glasgow G76 0EP .
Now that you have found the optimum diet for your own body cherish it!
All heads are not sense-boxes.
ORBITEL TO LAUNCH PRODUCTS AT CEBIT 93
I consider that such doctrine would be dangerous and impermissible.
One story is good till another is told.
We made our usual visit to Lanzarote in 1988, but the place had changed.
Out of thine own mouth will I judge thee.
Idleness is the devil's bolster.
I ought not to hand over the case notes until it's authorised.
Group balance occurs when both roles have emerged.
FORECAST - Hungary bill, bond yields seen dropping.
Tokyo precious metals end firmer on weaker yen.
Perhaps we should speak to her.
SOCCER-RESULTS OF SOUTH KOREAN PRO-SOCCER GAMES.
CZECH CABINET TO PAN GRAIN PRICE HIKE DEMANDS - AIDE.
Softly, don't raise a dust.
There remains a local component in local elections.
Rafael Arrasta, president, FARCO, Defensa 979 4 C, 1065 Capital Federal, Argentina.
English National Opera, St Martin's Lane WC2.
The standard was high and excluded foul language.
TENNIS-MEN'S, WOMEN'S DRAW FOR U.S. OPEN.
UK postal union scales back strike plan.
This simple terrible reversal was the suicide.
De Klerk apologises for excesses of apartheid.
But if there was an aspect of your steering like erm
Toyota to recall 90,000 pickup trucks.
Rentokil says 20 pct growth still the aim.
Taiwan state TV says vice-president in Ukraine.
Never love with all your heart, it only ends in breaking.
By nature knew he ech ascenscioun
In this phase, BRAC supplemented the LGS message with two other health messages.
A gosling flew over the Rhine, and came home a goose.
Without the truth there is no knowing.
Every ambitious man is a captive and every covetous one a pauper.
All are not friends that speak us fair.
A leg of a lark is better than the body of a kite.
Solitude is the nurse of wisdom.
Book o' the words, my lady.
DEUTSCHE BUNDESPOST TELEKOM REVIEWS WORLD ACTIVITY
Not every point will be applicable to every situation.
He that pelts every barking dog, must pick up a great many stones.
80 staff and 1 bottle between them
Yuan closes little changed against US dollar.
US debt futures consolidate to close mostly higher.
She didn't want to go and live in South Africa either.
These questions are addressed in the next chapter.
Get the coffin ready and watch the man mend.
S&amp;P affirms, assigns Cross Timbers ratings.
Soon gained soon squandered.
PRESS DIGEST - Romania - Aug 23.
Whatever spot you choose to work in, take everything with you.
CYCLING-WORLD RECORD FOR BOARDMAN, AMERICAN TAKES FIRST TITLE.
The terminal will not cost him anything.
One kindness is the price of another.
To give counsel to a fool is like throwing water on a goose.
Next he hiked 40km due North and arrived back at his base camp.
There was no feasibility study and no proper marketing plan.
There's also the boyfriend with the scar who's a threat.
Served as a scoutmaster in Greenwich and Dallas.
Done in by his own trade like a water merchant in the rain.
Grasp all, lose all.
The Smetana Museum (1/201) is in what was originally the municipal water tower.
Initiatives must be completely researched in partnership with educationalists before being launched.
Hold back some goods for a thousand days and you will be sure to sell at a profit.
Experienced topers will leave promptly, before their merry glow is chilled into doom-laden sobriety.
In fact he had even made some appropriately sophisticated comment.
Anne Kiggell Editor, Prep School London SW14 PAGE wom
It indicates that the test items themselves are accurate.
Who serves well asks enough.
So Njorthr; his wife replies with a complaint about the noise of the seamews.
Speculation started after the recent announcement of another 25,000 job cuts.
Where the carcase is, there will the vultures be.
There, of course, he had been wrong.
Determine the e.m.f. in the coil.
Times tries a'.
Give a man some cloth and he'll ask for some lining.
Japan, ADB to fund Nepal power project.
Curses are like processions: they return to whence they set out.
One bee is as good as a handful of flies.
SOCCER-HODDLE NAMES BECKHAM, LE TISSIER IN FIRST SQUAD.
But said I could not swim.
NETWORTH EXPECTS LOWER SALES AND PROFITS
IBM CREDIT CORP OFFER FINANCING FOR INTELLIGENT ELECTRONICS PRODUCTS
Housing Corporation strategy now sets performance indicators relating to participation.
RTRS-Australia June qtr capital expenditure jumps.
He hath not lived that lives not after death.
OKOBANK HAS H1 OPERATING PROFIT.
Nigeria says to get tough with oil joint ventures.
Slovenia plans aid for electricity industry.
A promise is a debt.
The woman was a temporary secretary reportedly assigned to the executive pool.
Blackout fallout damaging Tenaga - chairman.
You don't get something for nothing.
To protest and knock one's head against the wall is what everybody can do.
A fool carveth a piece of his heart to every one that sits near him.
She was glad she wasn't going away again just now.
Wanton kittens may make sober cats.
BOE forecasts 1.3 bln stg shortage, offers help.
It is said to be selling well.
Thank you for your company, Gowie.
Indeed, the law has become a convenient shield for politicians.
Isuzu Construction - 6mth parent results.
There is a clear point of distinction between the two cases.
He has nothing who is not content with what he has.
Real progress requires a fundamental transformation in our social arrangements.
The pine stays green in winter, wisdom in hardship.
Wimpey's loss before tax compared with a deficit of 16.1 million in 1991.
This would still be intensely radioactive inside.
British trade deficit stable in June.
Which one do you buy this Christmas?
He slid his hands beneath Miranda's soapy body.
Bass may see Castlemaine licence review - FT.
I love myself while being nervous and timid.
(For review of this topic see Zangwill, 1967; Searleman, 1977; Hcaen, 1978).
Seoul bourse ends at new 33-month low of 761.75.
He who sows thistles reaps thorns.
Tastes differ.
He is past preaching to who does not care to do well.
It remained to be seen whether her daughter could follow her example.
NO, NO, NO! he screamed jumping up and down.
But they're a stuffy lot at Peter Owen.
Mother Teresa devoted to world's poor.
RESEARCH ALERT - Wal-Mart rating raised.
Many consumers would deny that this third phase could ever attract them.
One may steal nothing save a lawyer's purse.
He that is embarked with the devil must sail with him.
RTRS-Quantum surges on gold find talk.
New type of refrigerator is harmless to ozone layer
Despise school and remain a fool.
This may help someone who is struggling with God's will for the future.
What you can't have, abuse.
A ring of gold in a sow's nostril.
Singers, lovers, and poets are privileged liars.
I'll be on my way now.
Either Caesar, or nobody.
The calf, the goose, the bee: The world is ruled by these three.
Baird serves the fish encircled by a langoustine-flavoured cream and langoustine tails.
Erm, do you mind answering some questions about your furniture?
Tax is a minefield for the unwary.
When did you last see the sunrise?
He drew a deep, gasping sigh.
CONCURRENT COMPUTER TO EXPAND WORLDWIDE SALES
Adviser urges Quest to seek merger partner.
Peru cotton society issues new prices.
But surely Emily would not choose this, of all rooms?
He painted a tiger, but it turned out a dog.
American Airlines, pilots enter key phase of talks.
Japanese minister meets Syria's Assad, signs grant.
He who puts by for the night, puts by for the cat.
A tattler is war than a thief.
Puffed goods are putrid.
SOCCER-ENGLISH FIRST DIVISION RESULTS.
Maine, New Hampshire regulators ok LNG project.
General feeling was once a policeman, never a man.
BALANCE-Lufkin, Angelina County, Texas at $1.8 mln.
BIDS FOR ZAMBIA'S ZCCM TO OPEN FEB 28, 1997.
CME nearby hogs and pork bellies close limit down.
Every one goes with his own sack to the mill.
He that reckons without his host must reckon again.
Good luck with Aktion Direkt and don't forget that you're not the only climber!
He can't see the beam in his own, but he's looking for an eyelash in someone else's.
Every man is a fool in some man's opinion.
Muni dealers traded $399 mln bonds Friday - MSRB.
Israel moves caravans into West Bank settlements.
S&amp;P's takes Sun Alliance NZ off creditwatch neg.
Two anons and a by and by is an hour and a half.
INTERVIEW-Singer links success with cricket.
Old sin makes new shame.
Dutch closing debt market report.
RTRS - Mobil sees refinery at full output next week.
It is discreditable to fly from a living enemy, or to abuse a dead one.
Bear with others and you shall be borne with.
Birmingham Public Park, Ala., Aa3/VMIG-1 - Moody's.
Australian Alan Bond jailed for three years.
If you would have your work ill done, pay beforehand.
Ingredients for products McDonald's might have on trial are not included.
Be prepared to consider the possibility that it is nothing to do with food.
MY MAN, GO TELL THE CHANCELLOR WHERE HE CAN STICK HIS TAX DEMAND
If you believe everything you read, better not read.
KL tin up three cents to 15 rgt/kg.
Returning to this appeal it must, of course, be allowed.
Westmin and Atna expand deposit.
This is quite a challenging assignment, but you'll find it worth the effort.
What the sober man keeps in his heart, is on the tongue of the drunkard.
Get residents with special talents or interests to help with activity sessions.
Then the sample is explosively decompressed.
Captain Hook's drowned hisself in the river, he babbled.
Naturally I meant a Pro in the theatre sense.
He who wants his dog killed has only to say he's mad.
GREEK STOCKS SHOOT UP 2.30PCT ON ELECTION TALK.
Edward IV, however, was unwilling to see it go.
Sometimes they may not be able to eat or talk very well.
Needle and thread are half clothing.
To promise and give nothing is comfort for a fool.
Hopefully this may lead to publicity for these benefactors.
PRESS DIGEST - Nigeria - Aug 25.
Control lifts headline shr, div.
Stewart &amp; Stevenson Inc Q2 oper net falls. [CORRECTED 13:45 GMT]
Unix International has shut down its one-person Australian outpost leaving only secretarial liaison.
there are instances of the employment of independent contractors.
Pemex head sees natural gas imports declining.
Foreigners net sellers of Japan stock via Big Four.
BASEBALL-BRAVES RALLY TO BEAT CUBS.
Thai Investment H1 net rises.
If a man is destined to drown, he will drown even in a spoonful of water.
Nothing must be done hastily but killing of fleas.
The PROFITBOSS never stops prospecting for profit.
Slovak c.bank crown/dollar fix at 30.468 (30.564).
No man can swim ashore and carry his baggage with him.
An early form of health club?
Maitre d'hotel is a range of oven-to-tableware in solid stainless steel with gold-plated handles.
Tamils demonstrate outside U.N. headquarters.
As though the land had never been.
The dog's kennel is not the place to keep a sausage.
A miser is ever in want.
There will be more floods and more droughts.
SOCCER-DUTCH FIRST DIVISION SUMMARIES.
To know is easier than to do.
He walked on manfully, cutting down Springfield Road towards London Road.
alongside our laws, language, and political institutions.
Money isn't everything, but it's way ahead of whatever is in second place.
RTRS-Reuters Poll Trend for Australia - Aug 27.
Dig your well before you're thirsty.
The liar is sooner caught than the cripple.
Canada July department store sales rise on month.
It is the second Worlingworth firm to face closure within a few weeks.
Deutsche Telekom details share incentives.
Direct equity trades on the Czech PSE - Aug 26.
PRESALE- Kennedale ISD, Texas.
A Montgomery division: all on one side, nothing on the other.
He who has land has war.
Far from eye, far from heart.
Amex says short interest drops in latest month.
Be neither intimate nor distant with the clergy.
Asahi Chemical to form plastics unit in Singapore.
Austin, Texas, bonds repriced, yields raised.
WHAT DRIVING TO THE STORE WOULD BE LIKE IF OPERATING SYSTEMS RAN YOUR CAR
J. Rawls, A Theory of Justice , Oxford, 1971, pp. 934.
Maxus says Ecuador talks still developing.
Arai-Gumi - 1996 parent forecast.
1,400 APPLICATIONS FOR ALPHA RISC BY JUNE
Batty Green and the viaduct from Runscar
Be silent, or say something better than silence.
If you're in business, you can help with sponsorship and support.
RESEARCH ALERT - Asarco started as buy.
Necessity seeks bread where it is to be found.
Former Orange Cty treasurer takes stand in trial.
Ugandan rebels abduct 300 civilians, army says.
It is an honourable thing to be accused by those who are open to accusation.
Jaq felt profoundly glad that he had never studied in the school of Assassins.
Desires are nourished by delays.
Couldn't they unreconstruct themselves and go back to being pigs?
Though modesty be a virtue, yet bashfulness is a vice.
Lying and gossiping go hand in hand.
For your conduct during the crossing of the Goldbach.
British retail sales fall in July.
Add the LM remedy to your bottle this is now your STOCK BOTTLE.
Also, Muddy Waters, Curtis Mayfield, Ravi Shankar, Lightning Hopkins and Iggy Pop.
VODAFONE COME OUT WELL IN OFTEL SURVEY
You cannot make an ass drink if he is not thirsty.
On 12 March Mozart left Munich for Vienna, having been summoned there by Colloredo.
Missing wire prompts new Maine nuclear plant probe.
There was no place for me.
The minimum regular instalment is 10.
Bank of Italy sets $3.0 billion repo tender.
If you go over the top, underneath or palm, you are not.
But what about the uneaten mince pies?
No one can see into another further than his teeth.
Tom pointed to the window behind him with his thumb.
Chuo Kagaku - 1996 parent forecast.
U.S. DAP prices flat to lower amid slow market.
He has not done who is beginning.
Russian police hunt another serial killer.
He who waits till an opportunity occurs may wait for ever.
Honesty is like an icicle; if once it melts that is the end of it.
Do not call to a dog with a whip in your hand.
The day I did not make my toilette, there came to my house one I did not expect.
Daniels has denied all knowledge of the crate and the drugs.
The mother-in-law must be entreated, and the pot must be let stand.
A wight man never wanted a weapon.
Cold of complexion, good of condition.
If they didn't, they were banned from watching the popular nude athletic events.
A drink is shorter than a tale.
You're talking about roots, aren't you?
In the Garden Update: Alpine prizes
write to your MP expressing your concerns
A taxi was on its way to take her home.
It was sold coupon free in eleven foot long triangular panels.
S.Korea's Jinro, Hanbo heads appeal jail sentences.
Mr Gutierrez was formerly Director of the Latin American Institute of Communication Education (ILPEC).
Adam ate the apple, and our teeth still ache.
When your companions get drunk and fight, Take up your hat, and wish them good night.
Most primates, for example, use their canine teeth for fighting.
He to whom God gave no sons the devil gives nephews.
The results are initially predictable then tragic.
Now it's being commercialised in earnest.
The fourth stage was the selection of the individual for interview at that address.
how long you would require it;
With a fork draw lines over the warm chocolate to resemble bark.
I didn't hurt you too much, did I?
The smallest good deed is better than the grandest good intention.
Yugoslavs inspect Croatian arms under accord.
He dialled Kemp and got silence, punctuated by the sounds of sleep.
If the hours are long enough and the pay is short enough, someone will say it's women's work.
It is not primarily about rights for women.
French stocks end up slightly after profit-taking.
The FBI said white supremacists might be behind the attacks.
Pakistani cotton rates steady amid dull trade.
Australian high-flier Elliott acquitted of fraud.
RTRS-Australia will meet pension payment - Costello.
Mother Teresa resting, not in critical condition.
He is like the gardener's dog, who don't eat cabbage and will let no one else eat them.
Love has no law.
You should feel your centre of gravity to be located down through the hips.
That would produce both balance and variety in the media taken as a whole.
UN official says Iraqi deal will occur &quot;soon&quot;.
He fishes well who uses a golden hook.
Never say, of this water I will not drink, of this bread I will not eat.
The rain does not all fall on one roof.
Bangkok Bank H1 net profit up 7.00 pct.
A man in love mistakes a pimple for a dimple.
Tell the truth and run.
I mean are we all er er
Singapore shares open up, busy day expected.
The world is like a staircase; some go up, others go down.
Recently the wife of a well-known Scottish public figure died.
This takes medical ideology to an extreme point.
which is not gonna be the case when they transfer from school.
The Colonel added Like all of us, Dr Nkrumah had his shortcomings.
A disco for the over 21s every Friday, Saturday, Sunday.
Polish NBP cuts 14-day revrepo rate to 18.95 pct.
U.S. debt futures end mostly higher.
At present, none of them can.
He wasn't sure if they would all come but thought that they would.
Civilians flee Grozny saying bombing begun.
The town that parleys is half surrendered.
Of 56 Ayrshire ministers, 16 walked out, and Rev. Burns was one of them.
When a proud man hears another praised, he feels himself injured.
If you are a star there, you're a star forever, she said.
He who goes to the mill gets befloured.
This became a more and more pressing problem in Bismarck's last years.
There are 800 churches about 44 for every village.
Unlaid eggs are uncertain chickens.
A nod from a lord is a breakfast for a fool.
Celsius says profit weaker in H2 1996.
U.S. HEADLINE STOCKS - Issues to watch - Aug 22.
Determine the magnetization current and the number of turns in the primary circuit.
You see, you're neither one of us, nor a Yahoo.
Only he who does nothing makes a mistake.
Investor holds 5.21 pct Allied stake.
Shame take him that shame thinketh. [Fr., Honi soit qui mal y pense.]
FOCUS-Holzmann gloomy on 96 after tough H1.
U.S. Democrats gather for Clinton coronation.
Ex-dividends take 1.636 points off UK's FTSE index.
RESEARCH ALERT - Ito-Yokado rated.
No must surely be the honest answer.
Give a dog a bad name and hang him.
WHAT YOU DO e.g. F/T mum, P/T teacher, F/T solicitor etc.
Democrats buoyant heading into Chicago convention.
Matrilines and patrilines appear to be associated with differing feeding ecologies and foraging strategies.
(This loose row gives a neat fold line.)
I don't want to go with you!
When the devil gets into the church he seats himself on the altar.
ABOVE Hip dysplasia is a widespread problem in most of the large breeds.
The better the day the better the deed.
ROLAND Jazz Chorus 120, excellent amp, twin channel, footswitch, very good condition, 325 ono.
They are a massive bureaucracy and everything takes forever and sometimes longer.
Egypt blames Istanbul control tower for accident.
Love is blind, and greed insatiable.
Gentleness does more than violence.
Year 2000 computer bug to cost government billions.
There are five main local government associations.
It will all come out in the soap-suds.
The significant discontinuities elsewhere support the thesis of adversary politics.
Deciding on an accountant isn't easy.
There he captured the atmosphere of the West Riding in all its different moods.
SQL AG has 250 customer sites.
A stream cannot rise about its source.
I was brought up in Gilmer, Texas, as a fundamentalist Mormon.
Go to bed supperless and you will wake without debt.
Please mark your letter clearly if it is intended for publication
One in five people in Britain are involved in an environmental organisation.
Chilean shares end firmer on U.S. rates news.
MOTOR RACING-SCHUMACHER WINS BELGIAN GRAND PRIX.
Dearest Oswin, you are so clever.
We were all people that were looking for something to believe in.
Roche H1 group net profit rises 15.7 pct.
I mean it's such a very small people isn't it?
Albania charges Briton with child sex abuse.
Hurricane Edouard swirls west through Atlantic.
OFFICIAL JOURNAL CONTENTS - OJ C 242 OF AUGUST 21, 1996.
Congo premier becomes president's campaign manager.
Honour a good man that he may honour you, and a bad man that he may not dishonour you.
The day will, hopefully, provide an opportunity for listening, quite prayer and safe sharing.
ING eyes Thailand expansion plan.
The woman's room was bare as Jay's.
Tenneco unit buys Argentine exhaust maker.
Standex acquires Vidalia Onion Store.
Overall: 1 Blush; 2 Sensor; 3 Crusader.ROYAL Corinthian YC's Thames Estuary Race:
Cogito ergo sum I think&cedil; therefore I exist
You know the truth: you are afraid of it, that is all.
Make a bridge of silver for the flying enemy.
Rate on Yugo c-bank bonds jumps to 102.88 pct.
In some cases they will be able to participate as employers.
Housing Benefit and Community Charge Benefit
Italy PM Prodi's government marks 100 days.
It is loving too much to die of love.
FOCUS-BFE deal to boost BPI's network.
Most of its members represent the old party and management apparatus.
I had certainly failed the test at some level, whatever the test was.
Dorothy had not often felt more regret than she did that day.
He that is down, down with him.
New York certificated cotton stocks dip to 62,401.
The workman is known by his work.
Ford makes the Joad family spring vividly to life.
ATHLETICS-MITCHELL UPSTAGES TRIO OF OLYMPIC SPRINT CHAMPIONS.
The father turned and looked at Miss Honey.
The least and weakest man can do some hurt.
Perhaps one day I'll write another book about them.
An old oven is easier to heat than a new one.
M.G. Products Inc Q2 loss widens.
It is a good file that cuts iron without making a noise.
Maybe, man, but he's left it a bit late, eh?
He thought they wanted to talk to him so he stopped and got out.
Choose an accountant who specializes in the music industry.
Give your ears to words but do not give your words to ears.
We both need that peace, now that our days are numbered.
A Scot, a rat, and a Newcastle grindstone travel all the world over.
Liberty Life says on track for more gains.
WCE canola rises on commercials, crushers.
Penny wise, and pound foolish.
Thunder Bay vessel clearances - Aug 22.
For women with thick ankles, it is an absolute tragedy.
The end crowns the work. [Lat., Finis coronat opus.]
Bad is the wool that cannot be died.
Sinar Mas unit launches US$50 mln FRN.
Be the day weary or be the day long, at last it ringeth to evensong.
We are therefore looking for sponsors to help the project.
Cut your coat according to your cloth.
The remedy for injuries is not to remember them.
A good Jack makes a good Jill.
Konica says 6-mth current prft at least 5 bln yen.
(Shaw himself had an Irish accent.)
RESEARCH ALERT - Telefonica de Espana as buy.
Israel police seizes Palestinian MP's furniture.
Ten runners-up will receive a three kilo bag of Omega Tasty and a lead.
Croatia, Yugoslavia sign recognition deal.
Lasergate Systems Inc Q2 loss widens.
The secret of patience is doing something else in the meantime.
What one does not bake, another brews.
And this style lent itself very well to uniform hats and caps.
Egotism is an alphabet of one letter.
Overdoing is doing nothing to the purpose.
underwrite the bond for a fee of, say, 5/8 %;
Alaska capital set to vote on cruise passenger fee.
A splendid Oki OL410 page printer.
A good word extinguishes more than a pailful of water.
CRICKET-SUNDAY LEAGUE RESULTS/STANDINGS.
Resources must be applied so that there won't be unacceptable damage.
There is no way to make money so certain as to save what you have.
Better a finger off than always aching.
It is easier to build two chimneys that to maintain one.
He who feeds a wolf, strengthens his enemy.
Ruddy, purple appearance which may alternate with paleness plus the flushes of heat.
A stepmother has a hard hand.
IFCT Finance and Securities H1 net jumps.
on the blue bridge, watching six swans vanish
Let him who will not have advice have conflict.
Pillai was also prominent in attempts to achieve a solution to the Kashmir dispute.
I will either grind or find.
In the end it will be known who ate the bacon.
He thought more than once of Antwerp as a possible bolt-hole.
RESEARCH ALERT-Asahi Breweries rated.
Popes lack the machinery to administer crackdowns.
INDICATORS - CZECH REPUBLIC - UPDATED AUG 26.
But the hostility had another root.
The diseases of the mind are either caused or cured by the power of music.
The end crowns the work.
F.O. LICHT - Daily sugar report.
More dead pilgrims found in Himalayas.
Don't throw away the old bucket until you know whether the new one holds water.
An ounce of wit that's bought Is worth a pound that's taught.
The wages of sin is death.
STRAT Ultra, as new, 82, black Strat, mint, black Paisely Burton Tele.
It is no more pity to see a woman weep than to see a goose go barefoot.
He who holds the handle of the frying-pan turns it as he pleases.
When the bill was delivered that disbursement had still to be paid by Marshalls.
It is clear evidence of striving upwards.
Health Good, but you're liable to eat and drink too much!
Spain to forgive $525 mln in Guatemalan debt.
An ounce of mother-wit is worth a pound of clergy.
CONCURRENT SIGNS TWO TO MARKET COMPLETE SYSTEMS
One of the most common methods is pooling.
It is, at least, doing its best to raise the price of cigarettes.
Cap Gemini boosted by sales figures.
L'Auberge was built up slowly, probably to a large extent by word of mouth.
Immigrant fast divides French ruling coalition.
U.S. weekly soybean crush 24,004,000 bushels.
Tokyo Electron lower after forecast revised down.
Sri Lanka rupee ends firm on low dollar demand.
It is not till the cow has lost her tail, that she discovers its value.
Martha sings well when she has had her fill.
His girlfriend missed him and was miserable among the other whites in Harare.
He stepped out onto the landing.
The end of the corsair is to drown.
What is done cannot be undone.
Hungry flies bite sore.
Sri Lanka sends truckloads of food to refugees.
Possession is nine points of the law.
Cemex grabs bigger stake in Colombia cement market.
Back-to-school spending is up.
It lies between Sagitta and Cygnus.
U.S. Mid-Atlantic power falls on cool forecast.
GSEE UNION TO PICK NEW PRESIDENT WEDS.
Happy is the wooing that is not long a-doing.
Exceptional poverty and deprivation alongside affluence.
The hen lives by pickings, as the lion by prey.
Egyptian pound overnight rates ease, 1-wk steady.
Toyo Denki -95/96 group results.
FOCUS-Lloyd's chief undergoes U.S. grilling.
More flies are caught with a drop of honey than with a barrel of vinegar.
Russian building firm plans $50 mln share issue.
Gold is where you find it.
If you always live with those who are lame, you will yourself learn to limp.
But I think it is more a question of psychology.
David filming the May Day Parade in Moscow, 1973.
If stupidity were a crime, half the human race would be hanged at every crossroads.
Hang a thief when he's young, and he'll not steal when he's old.
Susanna still comes to visit me sometimes, and we talk about the old days.
The eye sees, but the hand can't reach.
A fine of fifteen shillings was imposed.
What the sober man has in his heart, the drunkard has on his lips.
When fortune's chariot rolls easily, envy and shame cling to the wheels.
Youth and white paper take any impression.
GOLF-BROADHURST SHOOTS COURSE RECORD TO TAKE LEAD IN GERMAN OPEN.
RAF Stores Ref 27G/4005, Dunlop Pt No AH8189/20, Issue 8.
Solicitors: Simons Muirhead Burton; Charles Russell.
The residual FM problem has no cure.
After the manner of Mandrabulus [i.e., going from worse to worse].
227g (8oz) punnet strawberries, washed and sliced
FEATURE - Ceausescu's Chinese art collection on show.
This requires very careful planning to avoid any risk of encouraging the behaviour.
There's one born every minute.
Their duty under the rules is to make their decision as soon as practicable.
RESEARCH ALERT - Clear Channel started.
China urges ailing state firms to shape up.
Whoso hath land hath war.
Canada's broad-money growth edged down to 7.2% in the year to April.
What is learnt in the cradle lasts to the grave.
The wise man has long ears and a short tongue.
Emulation is the whetstone of talent.
It was the best Christmas present I've ever had.
He's a fool that's fond.
Hungary one-month T-bill yield drops to 22.84 pct.
Do well the little things now; so shall great things come to thee by and by asking to be done.
Stingray US Gulf gas flows seen back midday Thurs.
The rotten apple spoils its companion.
Whatever you wish, Your Honour, she replied.
We've been looking for you, said Hazel.
E's haven't done him much good, have they?
Global child sex conference convenes in Stockholm.
Sleeping shrimp gets taken by the current.
But if you did something underhand, they'd shout about it.
His First Poems has been reprinted by Yale University, New York.
The mind is the man.
At least I never really had a drugs problem.
Perhaps they ought to be in the British Library.
Holiday Caravan Chalet and Camping Parks.
REUTER EC REPORT LONG-TERM DIARY FOR AUGUST 21-DEC 31, 1996.
Earth is dearer than gold.
The same shoe does not fit every foot.
Sudan rebels hold nuns, priests on spying charges.
FORECAST - Steam to fog up Rolls H1 profits.
CBOT wheat ends up on Egypt talk, China hopes.
What! give the lettuce in charge to the geese!
No one is a good judge in his own cause.
Under these circumstances, arrange for a veterinary examination.
The old saints are forgotten in the new.
More evidence that red wine is good for you.
CURTAINS FOR OLD-STYLE BELGIAN 100 FRANC NOTE.
Like that James did, yes that little boy of three, James did didn't he?
A gentle hand may lead even an elephant by a hair.
He that does bidding deserves no dinging.
Letter: Was Euripides's Apollo an ancient Green?
A record 66,000 for Titanic signals
US Energy Dept awards $5 mln for willow power plan.
NATO mulls decision on 2,600 tonnes of Serb ammo.
Croatian Privredna Banka says gets DM 20 mln loan.
Large car park at the rear.
Like Trolls, Grom cannot regenerate wounds suffered from flames or burning.
China's Hainan Airlines applies to issue B shares.
It's not really up to me to judge that they are the best ever.
And I'm doing Maths, Physics and History.
A bad reaper never gets a good sickle.
All things of this world are nothing, unless they have reference to the next.
For Modern thought this is a tragedy.
Little wood, much fruit.
That grief is light which is capable of counsel.
where the population is far in excess as the
Each cross hath its inscription.
We might see Fergie, although I don't know about now!
Both are former Benedictines, whom I think you'll remember, Sister.
Singapore weekly residues down, distillates mixed.
Young from the University of Montpellier, France, presented the lecture.
SLOVAK FINMIN DENIES MULLING CAR DUTY BEFORE '97. [CORRECTED 15:50 gmt]
God will listen to you whatever cloak you wear.
Italy refiner Isab cuts runs due to poor margins.
Here we list all the manufacturers and shops featured in this issue.
Canon Copyer -1996 group forecast.
Actrade International Ltd Q4 net rises.
THE FULL resonance of this production may not be felt until next May.
It's no good, said Mr Brownlow, taking Oliver's hand.
Manila PHIBOR rates largely lower on excess funds.
Blood will have blood.
Why do we say that someone is grinning like a Cheshire Cat?
ZIMBABWE MONEY MARKET LIQUID, RATES STABLE.
FINNISH RAW WOOD PURCHASES UP IN JULY ON JUNE.
The NUT would be wise to take note.
I wrote to tell the Rivers the news.
In many areas of the country, the county courts are already overcrowded.
Nepal textile mills end strike against tax hike.
Nokia, forestries hoist Helsinki to new year-high.
To accede to his arguments would require an unacceptable degree of judicial creativity.
There is a song we always used to hear,
KL tin closes up four cents on increased buying.
Polish Bank Komunalny wants bourse debut Sept 19.
Light gains make a heavy purse.
And like that I can feel John around here
Available now, iView Manager costs 14,500.
When I came back to England, I felt like a stranger in the country.
A terrible cannonading began on both sides, accompanied with a dreadful discharge of musquetry
Some men are very good .
Early timber structures fell, in turn, into decay the last being demolished in 1798.
Three men helping one another will do as much as six men singly.
Clinton to keep up trade pressure on Japan - Tyson.
Miss Universe to keep title despite weight problem.
Neither is accountable to the unemployed nor, in a free society, to the Government.
Any queries questions or what have you about that?
Statement Made Before Knowing How To Work Properly
Polish biggest savings bank PKO BP cuts base rate.
They've had enough of black guys who're not prepared to listen.
Which, in turn, means we're able to offer our customers extremely competitive business rates.
Argentine bishop reminds cabinet of Commandments.
Have not thy cloak to make when it begins to rain.
Forgive and forget.
Whether you boil snow or pound it you can have but water of it.
What better case for an exception than this?
All US operational rights over the canal will terminate by the year 2000.
One should be born either a king or a fool.
Venezuela to meet all debt arrears by year end.
Vologsky blurted out the question without thinking.
Neither beg of him who has been a beggar, nor serve him who has been a servant.
Rugby Union-Fatialofa to retire.
It is only good bargains that ruin.
The issue can be dealt with by the Chancery master.
Japan firms to make auto parts in Mexico - report.
You know, Wilson, you know , you cannot have forgotten how it is.
Could you tell me the time please?
I am very fond of style fashion
RESEARCH ALERT - Dover said raised.
RTRS - Woolworths petrol plan pro-competitive - ACCC.
A grave costs an extra 120.
Truth finds no asylum.
GOVERNMENT LIST.
Every now and then the fossil record throws up fossils which are palaeontological puzzles.
Food and Drink Update: Sensible eating
ValuJet Inc begins proving runs with FAA.
Charming Shoppes Q2 net profit vs loss.
Associates, now that it's bought Glockenspiel,
There could be a suspicion of dogma, whether religious or scientific.
If you're going home, you don't get wet.
In recent months they have begun to tear loose from this platform.
Where there are three physicians, there are two atheists.
Covet wealth, and want it; don't, and luck will grant it.
Ciller says Turk firms to attend Iraq trade fairs.
Approval for Lloyd's settlement offer edges closer.
Emily? laughing and teasing him about deserving a white feather?
RESEARCH ALERT - Citizen rated.
Employers' reasons for using temporary workers are largely traditional ones.
In the Bell-Szekeres solution, the polarization of the approaching electromagnetic waves is aligned.
A fool is like all other men as long as he remains silent.
Sadly, the poem inside the card showed the real object of his affections:
It is a hard winter when one wolf eats another.
HORSE RACING-DETTORI AND CARSON PICK UP FOUR-DAY BANS.
Originating in Andalucia, the Qur'an is estimated to sell for 100150,000 (180265,000).
California Senate okays castration of molesters.
Like other South Metropolitan cars, these seats had solid backs.
Life isn't all beer and skittles.
Seven trades but no luck.
FOCUS- NEDLLOYD FIRST-HALF PROFITS SURPRISE MARKET.
Manual play, clown's play.
Different pursuits suit different ages.
Nothing bears a stronger resemblance to a madman than a man when drunk.
Sun International confident on casino plan.
BASEBALL-CUBS EDGE BRAVES WITH RUN IN TOP OF NINTH.
CalPERS board names Gillan as its general counsel.
The best cause requires a good pleader.
Love grows with obstacles.
Manglish Award for the handout of 1989.
She'd crossed Afghanistan alone and brought
He who enjoys good health is rich, though he knows it not.
He that mischief hatcheth mischief catcheth.
The conductor is now, without doubt, a permanent fixture in musical life.
Kill a cow to donate shoes.
R.I. picks Loomis, Sayles for pension bond fund.
Several thousand kilometres of fish netting is lost or discarded at sea annually.
Chisan-Tokan - 1996 parent forecast.
If crocodiles eat their own eggs, what would they do to the flesh of a frog?
No one knows where another's shoe pinches.
Good men must die, but death can not kill their names.
Moody's raises Bloomingdale, Ill., bonds to Aa.
Newbridge says on track for year.
These will be discussed in the next chapter (below, pp. 118ff., 126ff.).
The challenger is beaten.
Where there is smoke there is fire.
Brazil shares end off, weighed down by Argentina.
Peru's cenbank offers 35 mln soles of 42-day CDs.
Sri Lanka Grain H1 net turns to loss.
Consult with your pillow.
Many a fool might pass for a wise man if he would only keep his mouth shut.
It is not the suffering, but the cause, that makes a martyr.
Options--Gold OTC vols still weak ahead of expiry.
Ecogen Inc Q3 full results.
Anger is as a stone cast into a wasp's nest.
Such is the enthusiastic commitment of the members.
Mother Teresa remains in danger on 86th birthday.
"I am a judge of cresses," said the peasant, as he was eating hemlock.
The least boy always carries the biggest fiddle.
Both legs in the stocks or only one, 'tis all the same.
Would you be strong, conquer yourself.
Round for round, like a man?
Indigo Q2 shr loss widens with charges.
Trust no one till you have eaten a bushel of salt with him.
Too much bursts the bag.
Like to like, Jack to Gill, a penny a pair.
Butter spoils no meat, and moderation injures no cause.
U.S. judge orders Biogen, Berlex officials deposed.
COMMERCIAL BANK STILL NEGOTIATING BANK OF ATTICA SALE.
Go not with every hunger to the cupboard, nor with every thirst to the pitcher.
But I mean this is something that we .
Good management is better than good income.
Old birds are not caught with new nets.
I taught you to swim, and now you'd drown me.
Lesbian and gay speakers played an important part in the debate.
Ten reported dead in Iraqi Kurd clashes.
A variety of problems face women, said Ms Carlye Honig of SPSG.
Could everything be done twice, everything would be done better.
Indonesia's Megawati, government may reach accord.
Deterrence, being a political as well as a military
Utica must pay state on time or face oversight - NYS.
CBOT rice closes higher on technical rebound.
It was only a question of time.
HBG first half net falls slightly.
The Jews spend at Easter, the Moors at marriages, the Christians in suits.
Nittoh Bion -95/96 parent results.
RTRS-No Australian review from budget - Moody's.
I think you're doing very well.
I'm afraid you must, he replied gently.
Fleet, NatWest form pact.
He that is busy is tempted but by one devil, he that is idle by a legion.
Quite possible a wedding ring for the bird A hundred and thirty.
PRESALE - Masschusetts Hlth &amp; Ed Facil Auth..
Letter to the Editor: Better prepared
But of course I must go.
Because men do not like the cold, Heaven does not cause winter to cease.
All the key numbers - CBI August industrial trends.
Yankee Energy sets qtly dividend $0.325/shr.
What the heart thinks, the tongue speaks.
A cat goes to a monastery, but she still remains a cat.
Floridians indicted for huge pyramid scheme fraud.
A replacement was approved and shooting finally went ahead.
Improved trade data fails to lift Singapore dollar.
Solicitors: Solicitor, Department of Trade and Industry.
Vital Circuits: On Pumps, Pipes and the Workings of Circulatory Systems by .
WHAT PRETTY GREEN EYES YOU HAVE, MACTAVISH
What do you fear most for the future?
All skill is in vain when an angel pees in the touchhole of your musket.
Only the tent pitched by your own hands will stand.
Never a barrel the better herring.
Well, I wish you every success!
Tennessee Valley Authority sets capital budget.
150 g (6 oz) smoked haddock
Do you speak English? (Meaning, Have you got any money?)
A reader's tanks that break all the rules but work.
The master orders the man, the man orders the cat, and the cat orders her tail.
The opening gala on the third of October, Saturday.
Do not forget hidden costs like legal fees;
RTRS-Qantas union wage deal seen positive.
U.S. court to issue Lloyd's ruling at 1400 EDT.
Canada leading indicator rises 0.5 pct in July.
(He really doesn't have to worry about that.)
Since the wine is drawn it must be drunk.
If folly were a pain, there would be groaning in every house.
Good company makes short miles.
Then, slowly, she fell forward and I laid her gently on the ground.
Hatred watches while friendship sleeps.
Hilton to buy Prudential stake in hotels.
He who is not impatient is not in love.
Chinese traded wid de Arabs etc,
Bear and bull catch no fox.
But she placed in the balance also the interests of the children.
U.S. West Coast power eases with weather, supply.
A living ass is better than a dead doctor.
The error of one moment becomes the sorrow of a whole life.
He who fights and runs away may live to fight another day.
Belgian central bank leaves rates unchanged.
Pakistan to auction federal investment bonds.
A pack of cards is the devil's prayer-book.
He padded to the kitchen to answer it.
Green Cross ask only after prosecuter raid.
Feigned love is worse than hatred.
A bellyfull of gluttony will never study willingly.
Slovenia dismisses honorary consul to Liberia.
Without your help I would have been a frog for ever.
On Saint Thomas the Divine kill all turkeys, geese and swine.
This alone was expected to cost 500,000 each year.
CBOT soybean deliveries - Aug 26.
Thai 96/97 tapioca output seen rising 7.8 pct.
RTRS-Telstra foreign limit stays - Australia govt.
SOLIDERE to move to Beirut bourse.
Five fingers are brothers but not equals.
(Some undercarriage levers are forward for up, and others are forward for DOWN!)
The pike grows big on small fry.
Japan's Ikeda in Syria for talks on peace, economy.
ADT has no comment on Republic merger.
Invalids live longest.
Understanding this developmental stage is important for parents (Rappaport and Levine 1986).
An onion will not produce a rose.
He was motivated, he would have to exert himself.
AVA says H1 pre-tax profit down 27 pct.
London shares hit high after German rate cut.
This he attributes to our oceanic climate.
In the fridge store raw meat on the lowest shelf
Relatively small sums from the SDA have levered out substantially greater private-sector investment.
Texas State Sen. Montford accepts University post.
He that teaches himself has a fool for his master.
He who knows nothing doubts nothing.
Where the best wine grows, the worst is drunk.
In practice, the Bank of England ceased using special deposits after 1980.
Every one gives himself credit for more brains than he has, and less money.
Rawls, Kantian Constructivism in Moral Theory, Journal of Philosophy 77 (1980) 5402.
What need has a blind man of a looking glass?
RESEARCH ALERT - WorldCom raised.
Registered Office 318 St Paul's Road, Duke Street, London N1 2LP.
You want no one to know it? Then don't do it.
RESEARCH ALERT - Mitsubishi Paper rated.
Brazil to release monetary base data Thursday.
Imagine not having to go into work every day.
(This loose row gives a neat fold like.)
The lion and the lamb shall lie down together, but the lamb won't get much sleep.
The tree will not sway without a trace of wind.
Well, let's hear it now , said the woman.
Who does not venture gets neither horse nor mule, and who ventures too much lose horse and mule.
To wait for luck is the same as waiting for death.
With regard to housing, employers' policies vary.
Oh, if you're going all psychological! snorted Breeze, and Gay laughed.
Marubeni, Indian Oil forge broad business ties.
If a person is away, his right is away.
Plough wet or dry, and you will not have to kiss your neighbour's breech.
He that stays in the valley will not get over the hill.
When the belly is full, the bones would be at rest.
A guilty conscience needs no accuser.
She is good and honoured who is dead and buried.
The full moon brings fair weather.
He who waits for dead men's shoes, may have to go long barefoot.
HELSINKI ENDS SHADE HIGHER, KESKO BOOSTS VOLUME.
Caution is not cowardice; even the ants march armed.
For no reason I can think of, a mutual dislike had arisen.
Basically, I also like anything that Glenn likes.
Bad money drives out good.
A young probationer WPC put it like this.
I just wanted to keep you talking.
PRESS DIGEST - Czech Republic - Aug 21.
No one so sure but he may miss.
Nicholson, already a little confused by the claret, was flummoxed.
Except for the night, we could never know the stars.
Digging suspended in Belgian sex scandal case.
Italy's Bossi hits out before &quot;independence day&quot;.
Toronto indices closing - Aug 23.
Foresight could make wise men of Durraman's donkeys.
Trent waited till they were close.
We'll show him, said Perdita as she mounted Chimango.
I also work for the peer group for the Brook
Listen a hundred times; ponder a thousand times; speak once.
RESEARCH ALERT - G&amp;K Services EPS up.
It's better that the bakers are on horseback than the doctors.
Good wine needs no vine.
Iowa-S Minn cattle market slow, no sales - USDA.
Better to wear out than rust out.
Vizzini's principal concern is the influence of ads on young people.
Patience is a virtue.
If every man would sweep his own door-step the city would soon be clean.
The forest is the poor man's overcoat.
Send a fool to the market and a fool he will return.
Gold - Indian sub-continent prices seen rising.
The jay bird don't rob his own nest.
He that you seat upon your shoulder will often try to get upon your head.
The worst pig gets the best pear.
There is a great opportunity to be seized.
Blood is thick than water.
Dow rises on Philip Morris, other stocks lower.
These distinguishing devices developed in time into the system we now know as heraldry.
An ill stake standeth longest.
Sadly she will not be present for her birthday on 3 March.
The company has been finding competition strong and experienced a slow seasonal start.
Every nation and culture has sayings and proverbs about covetousness.
Foreign banks warn UK govt on EMU position - paper.
The dead open the eyes of the living.
US debt futures finish mixed in range-bound trade.
One horsepower start for Vienna car auction.
When I took over, Bruno Marie-Rose, the indoor world-record holder, was already away.
Allied Healthcare adopts rights plan.
For the reasons I have given I would dismiss this appeal.
However, do not throw it away.
U.S. Stockpile sells zinc for average $0.4803/lb.
All Belgium grieves as child sex victims buried.
Keep your shop and your shop will keep you.
Wallace's own work The Malay Archipelago is nevertheless a classic in its own right.
er and it's written in a language that hardly anybody can understand anyway.
RTRS-Amity slips on Ningbing well report.
One hand washes the other.
Within the training our goal is that we know worship to be a lifestyle.
Russian shares fall, seen to slip further.
But I can find no middle course.
The trade of thick-headed Michael: eating, drinking, and idling.
In the hollow of the mark were the bold words, Did you know.
Defense rests in U.S. airlines bombing case.
Mexico Congress turns down role in Colosio probe.
The two have a fairly close friendship and similar musical tastes.
Stork's Fokker Aviation wins first order.
Too soon was what I said.
RTRS-Union to continue talks with Shell Australia.
The aim should be to score between 50 and 100 mitotic cells.
Let him not be a lover who has not courage.
Lima stock prices slip, Telefonica resists undertow.
Money makes a man.
Old men are twice children.
But that kind of carefully calibrated escalation could easily get out of hand.
Arms and money require good hands.
One reason for this is that our metabolic rate slows down as we age.
UNITA rejects Angolan vice-presidency for Savimbi.
Top: Pountney and Goldney: the Avon Gorge
Indeed, it could be said that they had prospered.
The judge's colleagues in the Judiciary, however, had no wish to confront Pinochet.
When the devil gets into the church he seats himself on the altar.
Packed snow would become a firm, stable, even slightly sticky surface.
Thus , provided is sufficiently small.
Woe to the house where the hen crows and the rooster is still.
A scalded cat fears cold water.
What is bred in the bone won't out of the flesh.
Lord Mackay was cautious yesterday about the speed of change.
Don't throw the baby out with the bathwater.
It is good to know the truth, but it is better to speak of palm trees.
Be a horse ever so well shod, he may slip.
The first comer grinds first.
BEFORE THE BELL - STOCKS TRADING EX-DIV MONDAY.
Office without pay makes thieves.
Had I stuck to my principles or had I simply followed orders?
A little gall spoils much honey.
Ford says hopes &quot;to be best&quot; in India auto market.
Canadian West Coast Vessel Loadings - CWB.
A house without either a cat or a dog is the house of a scoundrel.
The Lynx goes further and allows up to eight players to link together.
Even a thief takes ten years to learn his trade.
Not Are you using a funeral director?
Kind words and few are a woman's ornament.
With the fedayeen, love always at once complicates and simplifies the narrative.
Hijacker threatens to blow up Sudan plane in Cyprus.
He who revealeth his secret maketh himself a slave.
When a man has fallen into the mire, the more he flounders the more he fouls himself.
are we saying that that's us?
She thought she would have to loose him or be knocked over again.
Vision with action is a daydream; action without vision is a nightmare.
In the meantime, the airline will be run by its managing director, Giovanni Bisignani.
Feed her a Sudan three sandwich, he instructed me.
Both men will attempt to push Pick into the mid-range and large-systems environments.
Devils must be driven out with devils.
In 1989 the SCB received 21,000 complaints.
Astonished by the booming turnover, I asked if there were any cricket versions.
That being so, the vice-chancellors are acting responsibly to explore alternative sources of funding.
Celesc H1 inflation-adjusted shr soars.
PRESS DIGEST - CENTRAL/EAST EUROPE - AUG 27.
A good retreat is better than a bad stand.
It is the Irish cube, green all round.
More growth in NZ gas sales, distribution - NGC.
Sri Lanka's Finance Q1 net up slightly.
Intending pilgrims please apply to Father Pilgrimage Director.
But Huddersfield refused to let them coast.
Israel capital inflows drop sharply in first half.
After two years his sight began to return in one eye.
Caracas stocks hit record high despite rates rise.
Block Financial site adds Reuters data.
Commission clears BA takeover of TAT Airlines.
Novell Q3 net shr $0.17 vs $0.27.
Who teacheth often learns himself.
PRESS DIGEST - Malta - Aug 22.
RTRS-Top 20 Australian Dividend Yields - Aug 26.
From great rivers come great fish.
Where art is displayed truth does not appear.
Wisdom and virtue are like the two wheels of a cart.
A north wind has no corn, and a poor man no friend.
Racing: Musicale and Hatoof on trial for Guineas
RUGBY UNION-KRUGER STANDS BY TO REPLACE TEICHMANN.
Sudan arrests opposition sewing machine smugglers.
If hope were not, heart would break.
From LEONARD DOYLE in New York
Quarreling dogs come halting home.
I guess the good news has its drawback for some men.
TYPE in the text of Task 33
Old reckonings, new disputes.
No wonder they were in a tizz in Brighton.
Can you see the point I am trying to make?
A kind word is like a Spring day.
RTRS-Spicers yr net profit slides 35 pct.
He who mixes himself with the draff will be eaten by the swine.
Yeah, what what you got under your ?
A friend's dinner is soon dressed.
NUTRICIA SEES H1 PROFIT GROWTH CONTINUING.
He who rides behind another does not saddle when he will.
Much talking, much erring.
Every path has its own problems.
Large chain stores post higher earnings.
PRESALE- Dawson Cty, Mont..
There will be additional trophies for second and third team performances.
Gold and silver are mingled with dirt, till avarice parted them.
Suffering caused by inefficient distribution of objects (money, services, or goods) is clearly inappropriate.
Misfortunes come on wings and depart on foot.
RTRS - Burswood year net profit slides.
I didn't want to have an affair with Alison.
Rich and famous, Miranda knew she was also an interesting companion.
My mother doesn't worry about me, because I'm happier now.
Generale des Eaux could join SFP bid.
There are 8 full time coaches at the club.
You might like to look at the erm the West Ham bombing map.
Here, the patient, though chronically dependent on the ventilator is a conscious, sentient person.
Vir sapit qui pauca loquitur That man is wise who talks little
Not profound, not fashionable, but true.
RTRS-Australian Mortgage Guide (Investment).
And I can tell you this.
Polish NBP fixes zloty down vs dlr at 2.7395.
That country will I call mine which supports me, not that which gave me birth.
San Marcos USD, Calif., $21 mln issue A1 - Moody's.
Better pins and needles than no leg at all.
The study of Chaucer, Shakespeare and their contemporaries was not much better off.
One father is better at caring for ten children than ten children are for one father.
Bank Indonesia money policy temporarily neutral.
One does evil enough when one does nothing good.
The good shepherd shears, not flays.
The nut doesn't reveal the tree it contains.
He that has no money in his purse, should have fair words on his lips.
The the problem is that that
She told her friend: I'm there if you need me.
And to the wide shore with its blue waves
the direction that is into the wind.
Thus the processes that affect ordinary people may be only microprocesses of everyday life.
He is rich that is satisfied.
BALANCE - State of Ohio at $825,000.
THE small advertisements in American magazines are as riveting as those in English ones.
Men's skins have many colors, but human blood is always red.
Metaleurop eyes Sept restart at Nordenham.
Glutton: one who digs his grave with his teeth.
His brains hang at the top of his fez.
Then in 1950 the Population Registeration Act became law.
Not everybody wishes to live near a chemical factory.
Shared Technologies, Continental in pact.
SEOULBANK declines on Kun Young news.
Into the mouth of a bad dog falls many a good bone.
Seeing her die like that, it's hit you badly.
50 per cent taken by Brussels?
Fujitsu Denso -96/97 group forecast.
In times of prosperity friends will be plenty, In times of adversity, not one in twenty.
RUGBY LEAGUE-ST HELENS CLINCH SUPER LEAGUE TITLE.
Tight security in Trinidad after coup scare.
Which Sex Pistol would you like to have been?
Afterwards, Mr Booth showed his delight by distributing chocolate bars to auction room patrons.
ABOVE Mozart's piano, now in the Mozarteum at Salzburg.
Clinton stokes train trip with anti-crime initiative.
Let every bird sing its own note.
They understand each other, like thieves at a fair.
It would seem that for some of the pop contingent evolution never happened.
It would save her, and be doing the honourable, Christian thing.
PRESS DIGEST - Finland - August 23.
Yugoslavia faces strict IMF requirements.
What is also forgotten is parental choice.
Yes it is, and underneath here I've actually written down, you alright?
PRESS DIGEST - Washington Post page one - Aug 20.
The stars make no noise.
The advice of the aged will not mislead you.
One crow does not make a winter.
Guiltily, she got out of bed to look.
Wildlife in the Soviet Union is exploited in all manner of ways.
Foreigners net seller of Japan stocks via 12 firms.
Botham scores with warmth and honesty
The Rocky Mountains aren't anyone's tame backyard.
The love of the hills has got into your blood,
Water washes everything.
FORECAST - Consensus of U.K. economic indicators.
At Rome do as Rome does.
Unknown group kidnaps Dutch couple in Costa Rica.
Then that's good enough, he said.
New test is developed to find cancer of cervix
The complete fool is half prophet.
On Sundays during the tour there is extended coverage from 5.30 to 6.30pm.
Asia gas oil, jet fuel overpriced, correction seen.
Singapore July CPI rises 1.3 percent on year.
RTRS-Comalco mulling Malaysia refinery site.
There come as many calf-skins to market as ox-skins.
A slip of the foot may soon be recovered; but that of the tongue perhaps never.
Eggs are put to hatch on a chance.
Miss Universe is swollen, not fat -- mother.
Fed seen holding U.S. interest rates steady.
Confide a secret to a dumb man and he will speak.
Unify Corp Q1 net vs loss.
But there was nothing jarring in Michael Irwin's English version.
No new Russian MinFins frozen, official says.
Huntsman Corp. drops $460 million bid for Rexene.
Take a woman's first advice and not her second.
PDK Labs Inc gets $15 million credit.
High technology in the public hospitals
Set yourself a target of identifying three good prospects for improving profit levels.
The right hand is slave to the left.
Youth may stray afar yet return at last.
You can drive out nature with a pitchfork but she keeps on coming back.
RTRS-Metway year net profit falls 17 pct.
Blow, smith, and you'll get money.
A great liar has need of good memory.
Sweep before your own door before you look after your neighbour's.
The early bird catcheth the worm.
Nearest the heart, nearest the mouth.
He who would travel through the land, must go with open purse in hand.
What you see in yourself is what you see in the world.
They returned in April, and in June visited Leeds for the last time.
Don't make a mountain out of a molehill.
In a letter Ashton once answered such bewilderment by quoting:
Asia Pacific holders okay rights plan.
Reasonable inner quietness is essential for awareness of the subtle.
This reserve is particularly pleasant for family outings as it incorporates a picnic area.
As good packaging also prevents flavours migrating from one food to another.
He who gets out of debt enriches himself.
Further information from : Iris Steen, .
It was out of these that what has been hypothesized as postmodernist organization developed.
Failing to plan is planning to fail.
Good or bad we must all live.
He that cannot ask cannot live.
Australian Rules - AFL results and standings.
The hasty hand catches frogs for fish.
My sister's son is a kinsman beyond dispute.
How much do we resemble that filthy brute the ape!
Hijacked Sudanese plane lands in Cyprus.
A work ill done must be done twice.
It expects to retain a third party to sell any remaining assets.
Claremont Technology Q4 net rises.
He who serves the public has a sorry master.
If ye would know a knave, give him a staff.
We'll take the train and the hovercraft.
Both machines have a pause button for interruptions.
S.Africa's apartheid killer guilty of more murders.
Pasadena ISD, Texas $1.215 mln won by PaineWebber.
In the audience I found an appreciative Dave Allen, the comedian.
ING says Barings profit target Dfl 200 mln.
In his decision the judge with seven reasons gives only one in court.
You cannot make a good hunting-horn of a pig's tail.
A great affair covers up a small matter.
Policies may be understood as being interlocked with other policies.
An ass's tail will not make a sieve.
Argus at home, a mole abroad.
Bernice took the repeater from Rosheen and tossed her the laser pistol in exchange.
and you then get more film at a modern
He had been up seventeen hours.
The fool sucks wisdom, as he porter sups, And cobblers grow fine speakers in their cups.
Australian euthanasia law faces new challenge.
HES CUTS BACK LOSS IN FIRST-HALF 1996.
ROMANIA HOPES GOOD 1997 WHEAT CROP, SEES EXPORT.
No man can like all, or be liked by all.
Let's take a look at the scale harmonised in triads
Thermo Terratech to buy back stock.
PRESS DIGEST - Germany - Aug 27.
Everything has two handles (or two sides).
What one hopes for is always better than what one has.
Computer Associates to form one-stop Internet shop.
But one or two species have succeeded in minimising even this requirement.
Hewlett moves to dismiss lawsuit.
RTRS-Australis says report of concern wrong.
Under the blanket the black one is as good as the white.
Campbell to cut NJ staff, sell Swanson-paper.
S.Korea's Kim warns of military threats by North.
The morning sun never lasts a day.
Spectra fiber now produced by three companies.
Huge Windows 95 sales fail to meet expectations.
Current Australian Takeovers (A to E) - Aug 26.
Duquesne 810 MW Pa. nuke increases power.
The work of Irigaray raises questions about the edifice of Western rationality.
Dave have you done your er homework for er English?
It helps enormously if the external regard for your organization is high.
The reductions will trim its workforce in the Republic to 235 people.
On a long journey even a straw is heavy.
If so, I hope I had the windows open.
By doing nothing men learn to do evil.
When lazy horses begin to start, old women to dance, and white clouds to rain, there is no stopping them.
His feet settled on the concrete of the tube platform.
Plantations, pull Nairobi index further down.
Better be the head of a lizard than the tail of a dragon.
Blaming your faults on your nature does not change the nature of your faults.
Fig. 3.23 SEM micrographs of incisor corrosion produced by digestion: upper incisors.
Antibiotics administered pre-operatively have a better chance of preventing infection.
Dorothy however remains, not nebulous exactly, but enigmatic.
There are still some fine sailors here, not least the crew of the lifeboat.
But that's the very point I'm trying to make, Jacob threw back at her.
The boor looks after a cent as the devil after a soul.
Honduras seeks $200 mln for renewable energy plans.
PRESS DIGEST - Algeria - Aug 21.
All these stakes are subdivided into other groups.
The man certainly has some style, said Toby reflectively.
For more sources of information see page 135.
If you have a sore eye wipe it with your elbow.
The course will draw extensively on the Women of Colour index at WASL.
Let us look first at training at work.
Nicaragua, Honduras downplay border spat.
Very often the question can be decided by the relative adequacy of definitions.
When I mentioned this to my GP he smiled.
As it happens, said Tyrell pointedly.
That's what I told her, said Ruth.
Royal - 6mth parent results.
Japan eyes big U.S. deal with H2 rocket success.
Average discount rate at UK bill tender 5.5335 pct.
It drains humanity of its humour, reduces adults' behaviour to that of petulant children.
AMS sees H2 earnings on par with H1.
Mother Teresa, slightly stronger, blesses nuns.
FORECAST - Consensus of key economic indicators.
McDermott Intl says CFO resigning.
God does not give to the cow that butts.
(TRC means time related charges, just in case you were not aware.)
Lloyd's seen avoiding worst in U.S. court case.
Not so violent as war surely?
PacifiCorp seeks western U.S. grid operator.
The men agreed to do their utmost to prevent desertion at American ports.
Sending charcoal in the snow is better than adding flowers to a brocade.
HK Parkview year net loss HK$48.22 mln.
The devil looks after his own.
Notice Of Your Statutory Rights Under The Access To Medical Reports Act 1988
There is plenty of corn in Castile, but he who has none, starves.
Russia's Lebed says clinches Chechen truce.
PRESS DIGEST - Indian newspapers - August 20.
A range of services to meet your needs
A man is as old as he feels himself to be.
Computer Products buys Jeta Power Systems.
This could be a good friend, partner, drug worker, HIV worker or helpline worker.
He that makes himself dirt is trod on by the swine.
Mother Teresa's condition said still unstable.
Max Grundig, 81, died yesterday in Baden-Baden.
Russian securities body names three fund managers.
An old ewe dressed lamb-fashion.
RESEARCH ALERT - Patterson Energy started.
RTRS-CONSENSUS-Australian economic forecasts.
Even the fool says a wise word sometimes.
Begging a courtesy is selling liberty.
Fire is a good servant but a poor master.
Money-Go-Round: Insuring a higher living standard
Love will find a way.
The bleating of the lamb merely arouses the tiger.
GUPTA SIGNS DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT WITH AZLAN
Where the wolf gets one lamb he looks for another.
You must be strong to pull a rope against a stronger.
The mouse that only trusts to one poor hole, Can never be a mouse of any soul.
The seagull sees farthest who flies highest.
A fool only wins the first game.
Attempts to smash wire defences by artillery barrage were seldom successful.
To a hasty demand a leisure reply.
German money supply growth slows in July.
Nor was Anabelle the only one to enjoy Sergeant's company.
A dog that has once tasted the flesh cannot be kept from the skin.
Chilean shares end down, tracking Wall Street.
CS recommends overweighting Stratec.
Tredyffrin Township, Pa., 5.65 pct yield in 2021.
Reuters historical calendar - August 27.
In our judgment the submissions of Mr. Crystal are plainly right.
Within a week there was surrender in the Far East.
Sending charcoal in the snow is better than adding flowers to a brocade.
That's a new one, says a BT man.
It is hard to sit in Rome and strive against the Pope.
What can you expect from a pig but a grunt?
Greek stocks continue advance, end higher.
Win gold and wear gold.
Clinton to sign health insurance measure.
A good head does not want for hats.
It's too bad to want a thing and not be allowed it.
In times of prosperity friends will be plenty, In times of adversity, not one in twenty.
Where the hedge is low every one will cross it.
It was a simple enough idea.
On 11 June, Mary of Guise died of dropsy.
Phone 071 379 6889 for more information.
BT COMPLY WITH OFTEL ON NEW LINE COSTS
WORDPERFECT 4.2 FOR AS/400 AVAILABLE THROUGH IBM UK
He returns to his routine, but finds that once again he has failed.
SNA-on-Unix is seen as a downsizing vehicle.
Riches: a dream in the night; fame: a gull floating on water.
Look for a thing until you find it and you'll not lose your labor.
Cameron was staring at the shut door.
Malaysia backs southern Philippine peace deal.
Argentine Congress seen passing plan almost intact.
Scatter with one hand, gather with two.
An army marches on its stomach.
Large Xperiments! science centre of hands-on experiments.
First Financial Corp sets div $0.03/shr.
The best interest will be judged by the professional.
Indian soybean prices rise to record highs.
Frankfurt dollar fix 1.4901 marks.
It is well to know how to be silent till it is time to speak.
Words may either conceal character or reveal it.
An artist lives everywhere.
Rejoice in little, shun what is extreme; the ship rides safest in a little stream.
A black hen lays a white egg.
If things are not as you wish, wish them as they are.
These forms are available from the nursing staff and Faculty Offices.
An accomplishment sticks to a person.
Four dead in Brazil's latest multiple homocide.
Ashes fly back into the face of him who throws them.
As the weeks went on Victor grew weaker and the family feared the worst.
I do not think I have the strength.
Cody looked at the gunman with a cold, unhappy expression.
Seoul stocks rattled by business tycoon sentencing.
Hong Kong stocks fall in morning, hit by bond yield.
CUT ME 'EAD OFF, OR MAYBE GROW A FRINGE.
If fools went not to market, bad wares would not be sold.
Hendry makes his move but Martyn waits.
BOE gives UK money market 800 mln stg further help.
I'd have ended up a patient if I'd done it for much longer.
BALANCE - School District #400, Kan., at $85,000.
A sow may whistle, though it has an ill mouth for it.
Don't sell the bear-skin before you have killed the bear.
It does not become the sparrow to mix in the dance of the cranes.
Common fame seldom lies.
It was discovered there this morning.
Rail union votes against London tube deal.
The words are fair, said the wolf, but I will not come into the village.
Rabo sees slower net profit growth in H2.
Italy's Milan sees August CPI at 4.0 pct yr/yr.
RTRS-Dominion sees nickel project increase.
North Afghan highway opening put off, radio says.
TABLE OF GREEK MUTUAL FUND FLOWS, ASSETS.
All be the same in a hundred years.
Sri Lanka considers outlawing Tamil rebel group.
Our information about the later phases of the Pound marriage is certainly imperfect.
Respect is greater from a distance.
Bond Buyer closing muni index 1/32 at 116-21/32.
It was the past inside, it was long ago.
The one who pulls a cart is urged on.
possibly the IDP document might serve this purpose.
But this would only be a story, and would not ring true.
He is unworthy to live who lives only for himself.
European bunkers up $1 in Med, steady elsewhere.
A good repast ought to begin with hunger.
Hurricane Edouard heads north to U.S. east coast.
RTRS-TIMELINES-Today in History - Aug 26.
Under the furze is hunger and cold, Under the broom is silver and gold.
You cannot lose what you never had.
Key stock and currency market movements, Aug 19.
SHELL CDA raises Canada light oil prices.
and the judges below have said.
A small gift, but well-timed.
American Woodmark sets initial dividend.
Nothing, however small, is to be irritated.
On many cliffs, however, it is necessary to place stakes of wood or steel.
Not even the Lord of Light can turn back time, or undo what has been done.
RHODES: Flights from: Gatwick, Bristol, Cardiff, Birmingham, Manchester, Newcastle, Glasgow and Belfast.
I've tried to make them a little bit longer.
Spinner, spin softly, you disturb me; I am praying.
Asian Metals - Japan aluminium premium deals near.
Rosalind Iden was not (to my knowledge) at Sheffield Repertory Company.
FOCUS-Tenaga seen moving to non-gas power.
Janiveer freeze the pot by the fire.
RESEARCH ALERT - Genetics Institute cut.
An old man in love is like a flower in winter.
They may lack the confidence, the self-esteem, to venture into libraries.
A ganging fit is aye getting. [A going foot is always getting.]
Always to be sparing is always to be in want.
Try to have a little patience and understanding, he said softly.
I saw you at Lucca, I knew you at Pisa.
He comes up to me, nods to the burly and unlocks the cuffs.
Pakistan group joins Dutch-Indonesian consortium.
U.S. Northeast spot power steady on warmer weather.
That universality, indeed, is one of its main strengths.
You go to your job, right at the old hotel, left,
So he was a worthwhile subject for the cure.
Heart's desire: Jeffrey Archer who wants to play a bigger role in politics
Prevention must always be considered in wound management.
Euromark investors welcome emerging market return.
Your son is your son until he marries, but your daughter is your daughter until you die.
When the mask came off, she knew she had reached the Fourth Level.
Plenty makes daintiness.
Patience, money, and time bring all things to pass.
All Polish min T-bill prices rise at tender.
The Philosophical Heritage of V. I. Lenin and Problems of Contemporary War (1972)
SIMEX Nikkei ends up on Dow, Fed but off highs.
If you've money, take a seat; it you've none, take to your feet.
This is a delicate path to tread.
A barking cur does not bite.
Yet the formulation and implementation of such policies is not an easy task.
Our ride with Stig is the last ride we make.
Kill not the goose that lays the golden eggs.
Cambodia to launch first T-bills this year.
Well, how did you get on?
Czech 1997 budget draft raises spending 11.8 pct.
London shipsales.
From March 1939 the situation altered radically.
About a hundred miles further on from Lake Louise.
Carlsbro Sherwood 90, acoustic combo, 150, Marshall practice amp, 45.
He loves you, in his fashion.
FINNISH BONDS INCH UP AT CLOSE, MARKKA EDGES LOWER.
A wide range of his pictures will be shown.
What's your chances of waking up then in an operation?
For evil tongues, scissors.
Africans keep fasting despite Paris concession.
Gingrich - U.S. must act first against terrorists.
Figure 15.1 An extension of the Bell-Szekeres space-time.
SOUTH AFRICA LAUNCHES PHARMACEUTICAL CLUSTER STUDY.
A small spark makes a great fire.
I have certainly been kicked in the teeth by those Whaddon bastards.
Caithness fields are fenced with these stone flags.
RESEARCH ALERT - Grand Met upgraded.
MCDONALD'S WINS S.AFRICAN TRADEMARK CASE.
The Ford Escort van 1300 c.c. engine with catalytic exhaust shall be nationalised.
Who can sing so merry a note As he that cannot change a groat?
Good is the fowl which another rears.
FEATURE - Warsaw's tragic past gives it room to grow.
England fell to the left of me, Wales to the right.
Clean tanker fixtures and enquiries - 1557 GMT.
India RBI weekly economic statistics.
Available now, CS-2 is priced at 500,000.
The best chance of our understanding this link comes from studies of the fruit-fly.
Pope in good health after abdominal problem.
The track through the woods .
Canadians take issue with world fastest man title.
Hasten slowly. [Lat., Festina lente.]
These toads are only about 2 centimetres long.
They that will not be counselled cannot be helped.
That often means a young person.
When one door shuts, another opens.
N. American Vaccine could disappoint -- report.
She felt gooseflesh rising up all over her.
Shanghai to invest 98.7 billion yuan in Pudong.
Police officers who expressed a racist ideology are certainly a small minority.
I directed her to the Glen Mist.
But apparently it was all out of the scientists' control.
Hong Kong democrats scrap Taiwan visit.
Their lead actor-director transforms the stuffy original into a modern telling of the Passion.
All of us spend time in groups.
We hear that guitarist GRAHAM made a rather large faux-pas only the week before.
FALLING INFLATION, RATES PUSH ZIMBABWE SHARES UP.
Pacific Bell, AT&amp;T unable to reach deal.
Eranthis hyemalis flowers late winter to early spring and reaches 8 to 10 cm
Though we are negroes, we are men, and have souls.
PRESALE- $11.755 mln Austin, Texas.
An ounce of mother-wit is worth a pound of school-wit.
N.Y. Fed Press Briefing - August 22.
He is not a good mason who refuses any stone.
Nothing is impossible to a willing mind.
Abbott says AIDS drug wins European approval.
Czech Tabak shares seen unaffected by suits.
City Diary: In the beginning there was salt
This is my blood, the blood of the covenant, shed for many
Men never moan over the opportunities lost to do good, only the opportunities to be bad.
The monk preached against stealing, and had the good in his larder.
He who lies on the ground cannot fall.
It seemed that everyone wanted to know about what I was doing.
And that includes constant readiness to do so on their terms.
Beggars breed and rich men feed.
RTRS-Spicers sees better fine paper prices.
U.S. HEADLINE STOCKS - Issues to watch - Aug 21.
The case cost the loser 10,000.
Prudential shares rise amid M&amp;G sale talk.
He that hath one hog makes him fat; and he that hath one son makes him a fool.
Let every one mind his own business, and the cows will be well tended.
We drove in after him and stopped about six or seven spaces away.
So practices that might strengthen the inner ear are to be commended.
Diamond cut diamond.
Pigs might fly, but they are very unlikely birds.
Oil and truth will get uppermost at last.
He that spares something to-day will have something to-morrow.
Viag sees 1996 net at 1995 levels despite H1 fall.
How can it suck the water up by?
She was the daughter of Aleus, King of Arcadia, and his niece, Neacra.
SCOTT MCNEALLY WEARYING OF JOINT ROLES
At the end of the game we see who wins.
What is permitted us we least desire.
Think about what does you most good and go for it.
Essex police emphasised that the inquiry is separate from one into corruption at Brentwood.
We now know that the ascorbic acid in the juice prevents discolouration .
Three lines of argument merit our attention.
Speech both conceals and reveals the thoughts of men.
It's never happened to me before, gasped an incredulous Cummins.
Ecuador's coffee export prices detailed.
As soon goes the young sheep as the old to pot.
Metro up on persistent takeover rumours.
Sometimes it's No news is good news.
RTRS - Australian wool indicator steady on 614c/kg.
But that again, is not a matter for this court.
CRICKET-ENGLAND NAME SQUAD FOR ONE-DAY INTERNATIONALS.
Zimbabwe civil servants press ahead with strike.
I'd like to be on the lovely buses.
Africa police tackle white collar crime.
Boys will be men.
Mr. Mrs. F. N. (Amberley, Glos.)
Africa's poor - new life abroad or shattered dream.
Eyes that do not cry, do not see.
Beat your gong and sell your candles.
Sir Alan Urwick: Actually, I'm the new Sergeant at Arms.
This must be a matter of serious concern for the Church.
I am my husband's life, and he is mine.
It is folly to drown on dry land.
Where Essex man is concerned, Tories have a harder choice.
A stout heart tempers adversity.
Well I shall see to that.
A secret is like a dove: when it leaves my hand it takes wing.
In Egypt the Coptic church is forbidden by law to proselytise.
Nevertheless, as the table shows, we rank among the safest countries in the world.
So, said Aurora, what brings you here?
A honey tongue, a heart of gall.
Then I remembered my quandary over the way one looked at X-rays.
Had heard and found the echo in themselves.
NYMEX crude oil ends week lower on profit-taking.
If the water passed through the pump first, you might.
Trencor lifts yr shr, div on weak rand.
Yes, she did say last time one of her friends would like the job.
Suddenly I shouted out into the night air.
Pills must be bolted, not chewed.
Death pays all debts.
In still waters are the largest fish.
A boy ran out, a tall, healthy, handsome boy, straight into the man's arms.
God makes and apparel shapes, but it is money that finishes the man.
Of little cloth but a short cloak.
Transkaryotic Therapies files for IPO.
Everything goes by favour and cousinship.
Twenty eighth of October and the annual general meeting on the second of December.
WORDPERFECT AND JURISOFT PLAN PRODUCT LINK
PRESS DIGEST - Finland - August 26.
Swedish shares end higher as Astra rebounds.
STC Singapore denies buying 250,000t palm oil.
Commonwealth trip to Nigeria off for now - Canada.
After noteworthy exhibitions of modern classics (Paula Modersohn-Becker,
Little saints also perform miracles.
When there are gale warnings about, it takes a lot more faith.
'Tis either a hare or a brake-bush.
It smelled aromatically and only of wood.
I was paddling in blood, Amanda said.
So many servants, so many enemies.
Love makes labour light.
AMBAC qualifies 11 muni issues for bond insurance.
Canon Component - 6mth parent results.
We are, I fear, in danger of becoming extinct.
Abuse doesn't hang on the collar.
With just 12 tied houses, only a fraction of its output was being sold.
I wonder who brought our breakfasts, said the grown-ups.
Sandy and Dave had it the same.
Self-love nobody else's love.
Payment of the Insurance Premium will usually cover these charges.
Yours, all yours for the askin', replied Aunt Clarabel.
Many hounds are the death of the hare.
Here Thomas Carnan obtained some freedom of exercise for him.
Aflatoxin found in Texas milk, testing under way.
The more you stir the mire, the more it stinks.
The lintel must extend at least 150mm beyond each side of the frame.
The third person makes good company.
Manila's short-term PHIBOR rates mostly higher.
Bernard has a fulltime post as director of the Diocesan Caring Services.
The woman cries before he wedding, the man after.
It seemed, thought Henry, the least he could do.
A glutton young, a beggar old.
Two other big problems facing the organisers are crowd and traffic control.
Cambodian military meet Khmer Rouge near Pailin.
In the following chapters I will attempt to do this, wherever possible.
Has our education prepared us for such perplexing indecision?
Marantz Japan - 1996 parent forecast.
Again, Nagel gives no examples to show what sort of study this might be.
The appeal on this issue of fact was, in my opinion, a hopeless one.
Let me give a concrete example of what I mean.
Another hurdle will be the use of English as the medium of instruction.
If so, how could I go about finding it?
Despise learning and make everyone pay for your ignorance.
Lufthansa Cargo makes Dm48.2mln H1 loss.
Why should the devil have all the best tunes?
Our lungs are always moist, and exude a special surfactant to aid their expansion.
Instead of trying to do everything himself, the Hon.
Open your eyes to the prospects today the prospects for profit.
Pride joined with many virtues chokes them all.
There was no wind now and the ragged earth was still.
And the process is not just one way.
If thy strength will serve, go forward in the ranks; if not, stand still.
A more authoritarian regime could have simply imprisoned the organizers.
Lawyers Title Corp sets qtly $0.05/shr.
Restive horses must be roughly dealt with.
China Jan-July sugar exports soar 398.9 pct.
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever.
Clinton denounces Dole tax cut on train tour.
Man is the only animal who can be skinned twice.
Foxes come at last to the furrier's.
This, said Collins, is largely a General de Lattre show.
RTRS-Qantas says wages not included in cuts.
Let the big dog eat.
We are not so much concerned if you are slow as when you come to a halt.
NZ First would launch state home-equity scheme.
Promises, like pie crust, are made to be broken.
If you would understand men, study women.
The man will surely fail, who dares delay, And lose to-morrow that has lost to-day.
But, of course, this is not the truth of the situation.
Israel commercial banks lower prime rate.
By Damian Thompson Religious Affairs Correspondent
As in post-independence Zimbabwe, enrolments will probably expand very rapidly.
You lose the gift which the will would have made.
Sri Lanka stocks close weaker as blue chip falls.
Moderation in all things.
The more they have, the more they want.
Italian comics hope independence-joke's on Bossi.
MANCHESTER CITY have completed the 700,000 signing of the Blackburn Rovers defender Colin Hendry.
The secret of two is God's secret, the secret of three is everybody's secret.
However, I reach that conclusion with no satisfaction.
Netanyahu sees progress with PLO in coming weeks.
The radio Rentals Saint Greavsie Show
If you can't beat em, join em.
Silence and look out, we shall catch both hen and chicks.
A sailor must have his eye trained to the rocks and sands as well as the north star.
The Israel Corp Q2 net profit soars.
Malaysia rubber closes up on Japanese trends.
Buba revises German June industry output upward.
Tunisia tenders for GSM cellular phone network.
India questions Kazakh women carrying gold haul.
Poverty was an attribute of the working classes in England.
Let there be food in the pigeon-house, and the pigeons will come to it.
In bad luck, hold out; in good luck, hold in.
Turkey's Disbank signs $40 million credit accord.
I thought they might be some good to us.
Stretch your legs no farther than your coverlet.
Culbro discusses acquiring cigar maker.
Volkswagen defends Saxony subsidy decision.
Semiconductor laser maker SDL shares slide.
Trouble is, under communism, people have learnt not to look after themselves.
He who sows peas on the highway does not get all the pods into his barn.
Not to know is bad; not to wish to know is worse.
A drowning man would catch at razors.
The life of man is a winter's day and a winter's way.
Great thieves always have their sleeves full of gags.
He is a fool who makes his physician his heir.
A man has learned much who has learned how to die.
WLR Foods cuts costs, sees price pressure.
You have always held your place in my heart, I answered.
Peace on track despite clash in S.African Zulu area.
The Victorians also realized the beneficial effects of mountain air.
In this context of trust and security they engage in sexual relations.
Lebed arrives for new Chechen talks, Grozny quiet.
NATO identifies Bosnian election hotspots.
RTRS-Pasminco mine to yield 2,500 T zinc.
Italian-Egyptian venture finds more gas off Egypt.
Who has many servants has many thieves.
It will be the first Aids vaccine trial in Britain.
Some men have only one book in them, others a library.
Perestroika is struggling; there are groups everywhere clamouring for independence.
Troops patrol streets as north Lebanon votes.
Laredo, Texas, bonds free to trade.
FORECAST - Consensus of key economic indicators.
NWE oil products mixed, holiday dulls trade.
For such people a systems approach is not a bad idea
If so, Miranda thought sarcastically, Princess Anne would soon be old enough for him.
Whosoever draws his sword against the prince must throw the scabbard away.
The British reinforcements had started to arrive.
Supreme Soviet bans strikes by workers
I'm interested, but not at anything like the price.
Its principle is simply that light travels faster than sound.
East Anglia has been particularly affected by the fall in the property market.
The result: a heavy majority for pressing ahead.
We pardon faults in youth.
A jade eats as much as a good horse.
Republicans tar Clinton for rising teen drug abuse.
Question: can you detect any difference?
The best pilots are ashore.
RESEARCH ALERT - HFS Inc raised.
So in their ways did Sheila and Annie.
No man understands knavery better than the abbot who has been a monk.
Canada June wage settlements rise average 0.5 pct.
Who begins amiss ends amiss.
Hannah Hauxwell (right) with her mother
OUTLOOK - U.S. products seen facing uphill battle.
Hyundai Pipe union rejects wage accord.
He who pitches too high won't get through his song.
U.S. wheat, corn and barley export inspections.
In practice the following examples would probably show this intent:
Button one for yes, button two for no.
The smith's dog sleeps at the noise of the hammer, and wakes at the grinding of teeth.
He who is judge between two friends, loses one of them.
Many of those working in the formal care sector are women in low-paid jobs.
Egypt overnight, one-week rates on pound up.
He who throws away money with his hands will seek it with his feet.
Better lose a supper than have a hundred physicians.
NYC Councilman urges schools to switch from coal.
Philippines says more rice imports unlikely in 96.
Alida could understand her state of mind.
Italy CPI must hold below 3.5 pct for rate cut - ABI.
The sow has been greeted with music.
He that leaves certainty and sticks to chance, When fools pipe he may dance.
RTRS-North output unaffected by rock slide.
One wedding brings another.
Inco to start share buy-back program.
Every pig has it Martinmas.
To him who gives you a pig you may well give a rasher.
If you are a mouse don't follow frogs.
Marry, marry, sounds well but tastes ill.
Shoe Carnival Q2 Aug 3 net rises.
Oldest Titanic survivor sets sail for site.
Silence is the greatest ornament in a woman.
Buyers reveal interest in NZ Works Corp - paper.
Indian oils &amp; oilseeds prices-Delhi-August 24.
The hardened government attitude was reflected by Mr Archie Hamilton, MP, Armed Forces Minister.
Towers of brick reach up to the sky,
Left axis shows the difference in the calculated free energies of dissociation .
Mrs. S. is 30 years of age.
PRESS DIGEST - Bulgaria - Aug 27.
Today is yesterday's pupil.
Cambodian helicopter crashes, up to 17 on board.
There has been limited provision for gifted children in the past.
RTRS-RESEARCH ALERT - Australian wines outlook mixed.
RTRS-S&amp;P rates Bank Negara Indonesia BBB/A-3.
It is easy to see that there are 12 pentagons on the ball.
Any attempt to increase tolerance however dotty or blush-making should be respected.
Two teenage girls and a woman were hurt.
This is the best of both worlds.
The political involvement of a powerful tradition of cooperation contributed to Labour's success.
CAM volume surges after block deal.
Greek 1M ATHIBOR drops to 13.47 from 13.61 percent.
A scholar's ink lasts longer than a martyr's blood.
Lloyd's Wellington publishes syndicate forecasts.
Arrested man commits suicide with toilet paper.
RTRS-Australia seeks trade boost with China.
PRESALE - $5.95 mln Eau Claire, Wis..
Counsel is irksome when the matter is past remedy.
He who remains in the mill grinds, not he who goes to and fro.
Many would be cowards if they had courage enough.
One falsehood leads to another.
By the street of "By-and-By" one arrives at the house of "Never."
So long as a man is angry he cannot be in the right.
He that jokes, confesses.
The pile of dazed teachers jumped to their feet and chased after the Bookman.
Salem, N.J., won by First Union.
Eurobourses end mixed but London recovers.
Who hunts two hares together catches neither.
Emergency procedures for cardiopulmonary resuscitation (especially the nurse's role).
CRICKET-PAKISTAN NEED 48 RUNS TO WIN THIRD AND FINAL TEST.
FINAL PRICING--Community Devel Administration, Md..
You give hay to the dog and bones to the ass.
Calan was recovering at home in Brisbane, Australia, yesterday.
Who serves the mass is thanked by none, but cursed if aught left undone.
Swansea and South Wales Police chose a middle road.
I love thee like pudding, if thou wert pie I'd eat thee.
Heaven protects children, sailors, and drunken men.
There is no departing from the words of the law.
That is a factor but it is not exclusive against the order.
Arequipa not approached by other bidders.
In the event, only 575,000 of this grant was taken up.
Iran opens $54 mln locally-built sponge iron plant.
A good match should fit the original very closely.
Oest.Investitionskredit sets 200 mln mark 5yr bond.
An ass does not stumble twice over the same stone.
Indian metals witness mixed trend.
He that will have no trouble in this world must not be born in it.
Insertion in (5) leads to , or, if , , , etc., .
LCE white sugar finishes firmer, adds to gains.
He who is always drinking and stuffing, will in time become a ragamuffin.
The video is low on information, but high on evocation of the Alpine experience.
The Conscience and a Knowledge of Right and Wrong
The bow that is always bent slackens or breaks.
In the distance, still, is Sweeney Agonistes .
Easy does it.
Zimbabwe industrials fall on key stock losses.
details of amount required, what it would be used for;
Presently, Tinkerbell drank the medicine intended for Peter.
It is very basic but very effective.
BEFORE THE BELL - Philip Morris fall continues.
It wasn't what I had expected.
Technicals fuel SIMEX Nikkei, weaker Dow ignored.
No one sees his own faults.
Russia gathers 42.3 mln T grain by Monday - ministry.
Most CIS republics record industry growth in H1.
Pohjola sees lower 96 underwriting result.
A new Arts Centre is nearing completion at the South Entrance.
FOCUS-GROWING CZECH MAMMOTH CHEMAPOL LOOKS ABROAD.
In the distance he could hear a familiar rumble growing louder.
LIFECARD NETWORK TO BE HANDED OVER TO EDS
Lazy folk take the most pains.
None so busy as those who do nothing.
Shortly afterwards he bought out Morley and acquired control of the company.
Ingratitude is the mother of every vice.
Teacher: Let's play some tricks with our shadows.
Pakistan money rates down on 1.3-bln-rupee inflow.
The owl sings to the nightingale.
One man, no man.
Cuba slams U.S. failure to return hijackers.
Shoei - 1996 parent forecast.
EVANS SUTHERLAND AND NAMCO SIGN CO-OPERATION AGREEMENT
Most stockmarkets lost ground after their recent gains.
and when you've finished it you can then do a picture about your
A sparrow in the hand is better than a bustard on the wing.
If youth knew what age would crave, It would both get and save.
sixty watt, two hundred and sixty watt from
Spring is when you feel like whistling even with a shoe full of slush.
An open box tempts an honest man.
India RBI chief sees rupee stable at current level.
If the cock goes crowing to bed, He's sure to rise with a watery head.
Sniping between the forces of liberalism and orthodoxy showed no signs of letting up.
Two reasons prevent it from continuing to provide this function.
This is especially pronounced in cases of sex murder and of rape.
The scalded cat dreads cold water.
Know each other as if your were brothers; negotiate deals as if you were strangers to each other.
He who makes himself honey, will be eaten by the flies.
As for many, the Vietnam demonstrations of 1967 were my first.
The situation in some European countries approximates that model.
The house faces south towards the Frenni Fawr hills, famous in Welsh legend.
It is good to be priest at Easter, child in Lent, peasant at Christmas, and foal in harvest-time.
Yours David Young LORD YOUNG OF GRAFFHAM
Snapping curs never want sore ears.
One bird in hand is better far Than two that in the bushes are.
For Kant there is an objective moral order.
From clogs to clogs is only three generations.
A woman conceals what she knows not.
More than enough is too much.
There is neither wisdom nor courage in an empty belly.
UK's TransCo sells gas to balance low holiday use.
Zairean prime minister in Rwanda refugee talks.
Tarragon Q2 net up slightly.
RESEARCH ALERT - Zilog upgraded.
The vale discovereth the hill.
Czech central bank committed to its crown band.
He that you seat upon your shoulder will often try to get upon your head.
More are drowned in the bowl than in the sea.
One must be either anvil or hammer.
TENNIS-REVISED MEN'S DRAW FOR U.S. OPEN.
Cap Gemini first-half sales up 21.6 pct.
Either you sink or you swim.
Peel a fig for your friend, a peach for your enemy.
Malaysia's Maybank net meets expectations.
Slovak money rates seen easing toward 10 pct.
Better come late to church than never.
RTRS-Australian Broadcasting Corp Afternoon Update.
He is wise in vain who does not use his wisdom for his own advantage.
He utters in his language something different from what he ponders in his mind.
Rather an ass that carries than a horse that throws.
Nakano Refrigerators -6mth parent results.
He is so wise, that he goes upon the ice three days before it freezes.
U.S. stocks in London quiet ahead of FOMC meet.
'As ta 'ad thy shit tested?, he asked.
When one door shuts, a hundred open.
A man cannot jump over his own shadow.
He that brings up his son to nothing, breeds a thief.
Even a fool is thought wise if he keeps silent, and discerning if he holds his tongue.
By the way, Jessie, do you love Mother?
A blunt question and a blunt answer.
It's a bad mouthful that chokes.
Professional sculptors on hand to help advise.
Mr that's, Mr 's addendum is seconded?
Let's face it, I'm fresh out of wedding presents.
Too soon were the words I used.
Kuwait jumbo loan payments on schedule - bank.
GREENKNOWE (The word means green hill.)
It's quite fun, have you tried that?
I was not missed that day either at school or at home.
The many mouth-watering desserts of Touraine are based on fruits.
Egypt wants nothing to do with Sudanese rulers.
FOB Gulf Grain - Corn mostly weaker, soy firms.
A wise man, a strong man.
NZ share market recommended in Forbes magazine.
They were expected to arrive in London early in December.
Two weeks later, they found a tent.
Cedar Hill ISD, Texas, $24 mln issue repriced.
A mind conscious of guilt is its own accuser.
Hopes high but reviews mixed for Dole's tax plan.
Reform a gambler . . . cure leprosy.
It is too late to spare when the bottom is bare.
No-one heard him above the shouts and screams.
TELESMART LAUNCH NEW PC SYSTEM TO CHANGE DIRECT DEBITS
One has to distinguish between the individual and the practice.
Argentine export grain prices - August 20.
They may be carted as soon as they are lifted.
the rotten apple spoils its companion.
Completely unperturbed, he explained what marvellous things it did for his skin texture.
Yeah, old Fred's a real card, but I'll get him for you tonight.
Showa Shell considers expanding Asia sales.
Give a clown your foot, and he'll take your hand.
Discuss how this might affect police relations with such groups.
Can I have a word with you please?
One pound of learning requires ten pounds of common sense to apply it.
One man's beard is on fire, and another man warms his hands on it.
The great majority of pacifists quietly performed various kinds of alternative service.
Uni-Select Q2 net profit rises.
Open Interface for Windows NT will ship as soon as NT does.
I telephoned him and asked him to explain.
Architecture: Stairway to fashion: Joseph Ettedgui's latest emporium
Tradewinds oil palm acreage set to expand.
The second issue dominated the debate on 19 July 1990 on the Committee's report.
Computing is well established, both in lessons and with a Club.
Lebanon's mid-year banking activity up - Bank.
PRESS DIGEST - Romania - Aug 27.
Full table Australia budget economic forecsts.
It is easy to preach fasting with a fully belly.
'E won't spend a penny on 'em.
Red Rose Club, 129 Seven Sisters Road, N7 (263 7265).
TENNIS-KUCERA UPSETS CHANG.
Indonesia priest said accused of insulting Suharto.
Good wind needs no bush.
Gradually the ankle got better, but it will never be a hundred per cent.
Denmark sees 1996 c/a surplus of DKK 10.0 billion.
Manchester City Council supported an application for an Urban Development Grant of 300,000.
Of the malady a man fears, he dies.
PDL not accepting bond oversubscriptions.
Fuji Bank to set up branch in Hanoi.
You have to have somewhere to fix your ribbons, he said.
The infinite is in the finite of every instant.
Shoemakers go to mass and pray that sheep may die.
Patience is a plaister for all sores.
You alright in there . .
CFC lifts first half earnings.
Where they eat your meat let them pick the bones.
PCA Intl sets qtly dividend $0.07/shr.
Don't open a shop unless you know how to smile.
Singapore HSFO prices to rise on crude gains.
The manner in which the board lies in the water.
We are friends, I said, taking her hand.
RESEARCH ALERT - Cowen raises Biogen.
Ivy is an elegant gap filler for winter months.
I love its buildings, its river, its setting, its atmosphere.
Without Virani, Belhaven soon ran into trouble.
Believe me you should be careful.
PRESS DIGEST - Jordan - Aug 27.
At about one am on Advent Sunday morning, I had a bad asthmatic attack.
Where to shop for Scottish Goods and Souvenirs
Keep your own fish-guts for your own sea-maws.
Reuters historical calendar - September 1.
Macmillan said to Ramsey, Fisher doesn't seem to approve of you.
What is said over the dead lion's body could not be said to him alive.
A fish with an eye to the main chance.
B-but w-what about you ? stammered the Captain.
great peace and contentment you found.
Strengthen the constitutional rights of individuals within Northern Ireland .
The poor man seeks for food, the rich man for appetite.
ATT TO PROVIDE PAYPHONES AT McDONALD'S RESTAURANTS
Shall I leave you all alone?
Winter finds out what summer lays up.
After shaving there is nothing to shear.
This remained John's London address for the rest of his life.
He that hath done ill once will do it again.
He sells the bird on the branch.
That is, it does not apply equally to domestic and imported goods.
UK GDP data confirm twin-track economy.
There may be blue and better blue.
I did find the two sons of one of my brothers.
SOME LATE news just in from the cutting edge of tabloid journalism.
Subjects include distributed systems, portability, GUIs, client-server environments, object orientation and networking.
No, I should think it was because of nearly drowning.
Women Against the Ordination of Women Mrs Brown Luckhurst Mayfield East Sussex TN20 6TY
BALANCE - Seminole County, Fla., at $6 mln.
If you can't change your fate, change your attitude.
Manassas, Va., $6.300 mln won by Ferris Baker.
RESEARCH ALERT-Illinova rated outperform.
Virtue and a trade are the best portion for children.
Every one thinks that all the bells echo his own thoughts.
He who promises incurs a debt.
Go as far as you can see, and when you get there you'll see further.
I propose to make the declaration which is sought.
Shared sorrow is half sorrow.
Sayansk Aluminium plans to export 85 pct of output.
No choice is ever wholly unregretted, each brings more joy and more sorrow than we can foresee.
A cutting word is worse than a bowstring, a cut may heal, but the cut of the tongue does not.
The drama of 1905 left a profound imprint upon Russian public life.
S. Dakota wheat 91 percent harvested vs 82 average.
Natgas futures end down sharply as longs exit.
A dissimilarity of pursuits dissolves friendship.
Mother Teresa's health better but still in danger.
Brazil produced more than 50,000 tonnes of tin in 1989.
Pakistani rupee closing rates in kerb market.
Any water puts out fire.
PRESALE-Avalon, N.J..
But music has sustained you throughout your life.
Solicitors: Ackroyd and Aina; John Pearson; Official Solicitor.
Farewell Then Luck of Eden Hall'
Conrad Black turns 52, Canadian Press gets present.
He waved them on as he turned the corner, and began to run.
Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses.
Away with thee, sickness, to where they make a good pillow for thee.
Scientists holding these values may make different choices in the same concrete situation.
Dutch couple kidnapped in Costa Rica.
RTRS - Air NZ's Freedom plans new flights.
If it is a test, is it valid?
These two scales were worry about anxiety and interest in the approach.
Indonesian soldiers clash with Irian kidnappers.
Poor though in the midst of wealth.
Nothing is so liberally given as advice.
That special trams were run to enable people to view a solar eclipse?
South Africa awards mandate for Yankee bond issue.
Forget favours you have bestowed, remember those you have received.
HUNGARY'S GROSS FOREIGN DEBTS RISES IN JUNE.
EU'S EASTERN APPLICANTS MAY FACE LONG WAIT.
I think we need to look at who has control over what we see.
Many things are lost for want of asking.
POLISH JULY EARNINGS JUST UP AFTER WEAK FIRST HALF.
Israeli shares mixed, Teva surges.
I would then vocalise this as mewnni.
RTRS-Over 200 whales beached on remote Australian.
Sunderland dominated from the start and should have won easily.
Other attractions for the line include:
From The Rt Hon Sir FREDERIC BENNETT
Don't play with the bear if you don't want to be bit.
He that would keep his eye sound must tie up his hand.
RTRS-Howard says budget to pave way for rate cuts.
Bitterly disappointed, he later complained he felt like a Spanish general without a horse.
Particular care needs to be exercised with securities such as convertibles and warrants.
Casting off may be daunting, but it has to be done.
Grieve not for that which is irreparably lost.
No remedy but patience.
There's no putting off a lie upon the belly.
I won't know until the rota's up.
The cuckold is the last that knows of it.
When eating bamboo sprouts, remember the man who planted them.
An opportunity explore and try out all aspects of street music with PAEDER LONG.
DIARY - Changes to Worldwide flight schedules.
Just one question: who the hell is Erect Heath?
Never challenge a fool to do wrong.
It is asking for B1 certification, the requirement for a trusted CMW.
A book whose sale's forbidden all men rush to see, and prohibition turns one reader into three.
Old men will die and children soon forget.
The effects of high pressures should also be interesting.
The greater the truth, the greater the libel.
Flight towards preferment will be but slow without some golden feathers.
Japan buys 140,000 tonne wheat, 40,000 tonne barley.
Where you lost your cloak, seek it.
Wage will get a page.
Albania considers bank privatisation plans - PM.
For that reason I would discharge the judge's order.
Money is more eloquent that a dozen members of parliament.
Washington $2.9 mln COPs rated single-A by Moody's.
Stand at the back or something
He who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love.
Analysts positive on GrandMet's Pillsbury.
No garden without its weeds.
display I have to put out.
To be a good spender God is the treasurer.
It's a thought worth considering, sir.
Mikasa Coca-Cola -1996 parent forecast.
Guinea calls two days of prayer.
All weekend I wondered what had happened.
I know, of course, why you are inquiring about both women.
He also told them to stop complaining about the electoral system.
RTRS-Macmahon year net profit A$15.74 mln.
The old monkey is caught last.
Venezuela bolivar firms on cenbank dollar sales.
The fire heeds little whose cloak it burns.
Empty, clean and dry the waste bucket and replace.
Can women by hypnotised on the Tube?
At court there are many hands, but few hearts.
Disclose the date on which the accounts were formally approved by the board.
The heating is insufficient to kill the bacteria and the chilling encourages their growth.
Tokyo Nikkei falls as turnover hits year's low.
His head was turned towards the door, where we could hear footsteps approaching.
Pakistan key economic indicators.
Bay has 9.31 pct Mississippi View stake.
Ill luck enters by fathoms and departs by inches.
Handling petty cash is a job.
B-R 31 Ice Cream -6mth parent results.
Satellite TV facing major shift, new rivals loom.
Dead saints could perform exactly the same function as living ones.
Rough Trade released two more singles from Strangeways, Here We Come.
The happiness in your pocket, don't spend it all.
Thatch your roof before rainy weather, dig your well before you become parched with thirst.
Though these figures shock, they need to be put into perspective.
The house would be warm; the women had probably started the cooking.
All rooms colour TV, tea/coffee making facilities.
The old monkey gets the apple.
Banco de Mexico injects 3.412 bln pesos.
I'd rather have them say "There he goes" than "Here he lies.".
I dance to the tune that is played.
A good meal is worth hanging for.
He didn't get any of her money if she died before they were married.
More than anyone, Hildebrand had been the visionary force behind the new ideal.
He doubts nothing who knows nothing.
Li &amp; Fung interim profit rises 19.8 pct.
NWE oil products firm with futures and fair demand.
For similar reasons, conservatives are also reluctant to disband the discredited Workers' Guard.
Yes I was very appreciative of that thank you.
The shoemaker's son always goes barefoot.
NYMEX electricity ends mostly up with physicals.
So much, then, for their enriched marriage!
Francis Worden, Peter Hart, Kenneth Hodson and John Watson.
Interchange Financial sets payout $0.185/shr.
PRESS DIGEST - Israel - Aug 27.
Now go through the book again.
SSAB posts H1 profit 1.49 bln SKR.
Always drink upstream from the herd.
CARRIE, MEMBER OF THE WOMENS SPORTSFIGHTING CLUB
Chile personal phone bid on track after ruling.
About everything and something else.
India's M3 money supply growth falls to 15.66 pct.
There is never wanting a dog to bark at you.
FOMC decision not affecting BOJ policy - officials.
Better something than nothing at all.
One beggar is woe that another by the door should go.
No hope of ever really knowing.
Nigeria bars Saro-Wiwa lawyer from visiting Canada.
He got five or seven years in gaol.
The Danes Camp hill-fort in Northamptonshire, for instance, was threatened by quarrying for ironstone.
The pitcher goes so often to the well, that it gets broken at last.
A friend's meat is soon ready.
Haiti television station attacked in latest violence.
I'm afraid George Cole came off worst from our partnership in Minder .
Micron shares off with DRAM prices falling.
Debt severs love.
(See, e.g. Pett v. Greyhound Racing Association (C.A., 1969)).
Might is right.
First Financial names affiliate chairman.
Trygg-Hansa H1 pre-tax profit 1.52 bln SK.
Atari founder to offer games, music via Internet.
Wisdom in the man, patience in the wife, brings peace to the house, and a happy life.
He knew Mrs Wright wanted the fence fixing.
U.S. hog and cattle slaughter estimates - trade.
Better straw, than nothing.
It's a bad hen that won't scratch herself.
No major reversal in Japan trade picture -- Stiglitz.
He who knows nothing knows enough, if he knows how to be silent.
RESEARCH ALERT - Kellogg cut to hold.
A blind leader of the blind.
Do you want to buy cheap? Buy of a needy fool.
He keeps his road well enough who gets rid of bad company.
Finnish April trade surplus 3.8 billion markka - NCB.
RESEARCH ALERT - Dollar Tree cut.
Promise is debt.
Defecating man stars in campaign against dog mess. [CORRECTED 17:10 GMT]
Too much praise is a burden.
There is no scientific data to substantiate this hypothesis.
Dear God: You do such wonderful things for complete strangers; why not for me?
Think first and speak afterwards.
Agip, Marathon find oilfield in Gulf of Suez.
Just scales and full measure injure no man.
Both have their critics, and justifiably so.
SOCCER-REBEL CLUBS HANDED NEW DEADLINE IN ETHNIC ROW.
Poets are born, not made.
President Jan-July profits rise.
By the London close, the pound was 2 pfennigs weaker at DM2.9537.
Rabobank sees H2 net growth under 10 pct.
You'll know what she wants you to know and no more.
God cometh with leaden feet, but striketh with iron hands.
DFR, Inco say Texas deal reached.
One can't enter Paradise in spite of the saints.
Bonneville Power briefs Calif. officials on outage.
RTRS-H.Smith says profit hinges on housing.
Layered object-oriented techniques employing multi-windowing need to be front-ended onto the present system.
Top four EU airports continue cargo growth in July.
The oldest rookie is still punching to the line.
Oaks may fall when reeds stand the storm.
He who would have clear water should go to the fountain head.
For full details contact and as for Driver enquiries.
Petroecuador says Maxus accepts joint-venture.
BALANCE - Palo Alto, Calif., schools repriced.
It is THAT time of year again.
We see not what sits on our shoulder.
The sea complains it wants water.
Perseverance brings success.
Leave a jest when it pleases you best.
So has half the city that gets you nowhere
You look for the horse you ride on.
All statements regarding taxation are based on Clerical Medical's understanding of current law.
The least stable group is a coalition which exists to achieve a specific end.
He who serves the people has a bad master.
There are three bad neighbours: great rivers, great lords, and great roads.
UK takeovers and mergers - August 21.
He was distinctive enough, but that scar settled it.
Kevorkian's 36th assisted suicide is Texan, age 76.
Relocation astrology shows where you really belong!
He was born with a caul.
You can't measure the whole world with your own yardstick.
1.23 In our first Report we made only brief comments on equal opportunities.
An egg is an egg, said the boor, and took the goose's egg.
Any two days to include full English breakfast, a gourmet dinner and executive accommodation.
FCL group to buy Forest Corp NZ, plans new factory.
What the people believe is true.
Every Jack has his Jill.
It became French relatively early, in 1454.
It is hard to wive and thrive both in a year.
The prolonged visit of no guest is pleasant.
Lernout provides technology to Acer Sertek.
for those who caught the last train
You cannot sail as you would, but as the wind blows.
Every road leads to Rome.
Hope gives strength and courage, and saves an otherwise dying man from his grave.
Pearson, BSkyB lead media sector up.
Doesn't a single Unix source technology sound like a good idea?
The box where he lived as a stallion is still preserved on the estate.
A beard well lathered is half shaved.
Which they do if you wear your flatmate's instead of your own.
God comes at last, when we think he is farthest off.
Who's who in confusing Chechnya command chain?.
Stivoro is claiming a complete victory in the case.
(ii) 2.7.9 will in general fail if the hypothesis of associativity is withheld.
It is better to be the hammer than the anvil.
One to-day is better than ten to-morrows.
One generation plants the trees, another gets the shade.
CompuServe's woes reflect industry shifts.
U.S. ARMY SELLS EXCESS EQUIPMENT TO HUNGARIANS.
Belgian central bank leaves rates unchanged.
The hand that gives gathers.
Women naturally deceive, weep and spin.
Press statement issued by Conference Organisers
I'll sleep on it.
We always knew you weren't, said Bobbie.
The mountains are in labour, and bring forth a mouse.
Kuehne &amp; Nagel H1 profit rises 12.3 pct.
He who feeds the hen out to have the egg.
UN says Eritrea to pull out troops from island.
Gold may be bought too dear.
Scios licensee sells blood test in Japan.
Beware of breed.
BULL TO RE-EXAMINE LABOUR MANAGEMENT CONSULTATION
Lend and lose; so play fools.
Rouen August 1-21 grain exports at 253,959 tonnes.
U.S. municipal bond and tax ballot proposals.
CUT IN APPLE COLOR PRINTER PRICE
Blue-chips buoyed by tech stocks; German rate cut.
The licensing of noise erodes that basic right.
Let the guts be full, for it is they that carry the legs.
Throw not the child out with the bath.
3.5 The Electronic Book of the Future
Hear, see, and say nothing if you would live in peace.
Shanghai copper ends mostly down on rumours.
Riches and favour go before wisdom and art.
Doctors, magistrates join Zimbabwe strike.
Great trees give more shade than fruit.
It just slows down our progress.
Chronology of student occupation of Seoul campus.
Though the bird may fly over your head, let it not make its nest in your hair.
In case you're wondering why that is, I'm going to tell you!
When the mantis hunts the locust, he forgets the shrike that's hunting him.
New maps hint of cool U.S. Midwest next week.
Leave him alone now, he said.
But across the Atlantic the news stunned the British government.
Bangladesh Beximco, Hyatt plan 5-star hotel.
He has not even a clod of earth left to cover his remains. [A man reduced to extreme poverty.]
Of course, handled well, this last fact could be a comic strength.
The way to do it is as follows.
Geese are plucked as long as they have any feathers.
Finally, let's look at the harmonic minor scale harmonised in seventh chords
When you meet a man, you judge him by his clothes; when you leave, you judge him by his heart.
By 1 October it was almost too late.
BLACKPOOL Jim Davidson A truly blue comic for Tory Party conference week.
Better lose your labour than your time in idleness.
I think it's very important that we should make clear
France's MATIF aims to be centre of Euro trade.
Better be unmannerly than troublesome.
I wish that he would sink as deep in the ground as a hare can run in ten years.
It is ill taking the breeks off a Hielandman.
Honey is not for the ass's mouth.
The fall is nobody's sire.
English music around 1600 for voices, viols and recorders.
Swap for your USA 62 reissue Strat or '70s Strat.
7 Statement that there is no cash alternative.
HK CPI (A) rises annual 6.1 pct in July.
Garden Club Fridays for six weeks from August 23.
One wolf does not bite another.
It is not as thy mother says, but as thy neighbours say.
Computer Associates to use Microsoft browser.
Nature will come through the claws, and the hound will follow the hare.
Lancashire's Andy Hayhurst is to join Somerset on a three-year contract.
Sri Lanka rupee ends lower vs dollar.
Tokyo stocks open morning session lower.
Democrats lay ground for Clinton re-nomination.
Overall: 1 Blush; 2 Fraggle; 3 Carronade.
If you are contented with your lot, you will live wisely.
He is no great heir that inherits not his ancestor's virtues.
INVESTORS BID FOR PLN 75 MLN OF ONE-YR BONDS.
JULIUS TALLBERG POSTS H1 PROFIT.
Bank of Montreal cuts prime to 5.75 pct.
Slovenia electric imports up after plant problem.
Joint ventures in Guangdong record more business.
Imperial Oil raises Canada posted oil price.
Revenge a hundred years old has still its milk-teeth.
WHERE TO GO Bull Gate, 389 Kentish Town Rd, NW5 (485 5358).
The event, as ever, was for all shapes and sizes, ages and abilities.
This gives a more powerful bite, and thus represents an important evolutionary advantage.
Speed control is exercised by body movement.
Every fool is different.
All women are alike when the lamp is out.
Man is a bubble.
BNZ cuts NZ fixed home lending rates.
A dashboard-mounted lever allows the driver to make easy direction changes.
Party host guilty of killing friend.
One such factor is the age at which words are learned.
Crowds gather for Belgian sex victims funeral.
Great business is good; to sit and sip this glass is better.
New York physical copper market.
Every fox looks after his own skin.
Do and undo, the day is long enough.
The beginning is half of the whole.
I don't think they did, she called down to Rosheen.
EMU criteria must not be weakened - Buba's Issing.
Likeness is the mother of love.
Raise your sail one foot and you get ten feet of wind.
He had fought the Japanese and also happened to be Communist.
No one takes away anything with him.
I am disappointed, he told himself, and I am quite trapped in it.
You should eat plentifully of the flesh of the turtle or not at all.
All keys hang not at one woman's girdle.
That often happens in a day which does not happen in a hundred years.
He sings his own praises.
One bird in the hand is better than two flying.
It is pleasant enough going afoot when you lead your horse by the bridle.
Furious lobby for UK's KEPIT as Merrill sifts bids.
He stopped, quite sharply, staring at the audience, which stared back in dumfounded silence.
It shares its place as best in its category with
A different man, a different taste.
With victory, other things would become possible, especially if the German revolution took place.
FKI PLC SELLS FKI COMMUNICATIONS LTD
Brando's &quot;Island of Dr. Moreau&quot; opens at top of box office.
Ambassador Apartments buys properties.
Tokyo Electron -96/97 group forecast.
The leaves fall before the tree dies.
The cat which did not reach the sausage said: Anyhow it is Friday.
It is not becoming to play the fox, or to play up on both sides.
Shanghai rice closes down on profit-taking.
Where there's smoke, there's fire.
Take care of the pence and the pounds will take care of themselves.
Paribas repeats buy on Aegon after results.
Israeli shekel gains against dollar, basket.
Motivation is interest in its Triton Management System.
RTRS-INDICATORS-Latest Australian quarterly stats.
Pray for old friends in King's Cross and Earl's Court.
Indeed there is, but this factor is disavowed by people.
Muni yields rise slightly in past week - Delphis.
Cylink security in BT, MCI network venture.
Now I have nothing, I am free.
HUNGARY'S BAKONYI CUTS '96 BAUXITE OUTPUT PLAN.
AIRPORT LJUBLJANA CARGO TRADE JAN-MAY - BY AIRLINE.
That just about wraps it up.
What you lose on the swings you gain on the roundabouts.
Egypt says June inflation up at 8.3 percent.
I also consider that In re O. 1991 2 Q.B.
It is a criminal offence to sell liquor on credit.
Thai banks seen paring rates to boost lending.
Bank of Portugal says no demand for repo funds.
Were he to throw a groat on the roof, it would come down a dollar.
6 Gradually increase mobility as indicated.
A man is often a bad adviser to himself and a good adviser to another.
Vengeance is mine, saith the Lord.
God sends enough to all.
Complete booking form on facing page for all tickets by post.
SOFTWARE PUBLISHING WARNS OF SHORTFALL IN SECOND QUARTER
He that seeks trouble never misses.
His mood can affect his driving If I'm depressed, I drive quite gently.
But it is not altogether clear what part dietary habits play.
RESEARCH ALERT - ITT said raised by DLJ.
RTRS-SGIO year net profit A$29.35 mln.
Praise the young and they will blossom.
We felt we had to keep the name to avoid any insult, says Vinogradov.
Handfuls make a load.
Causeway tops volume on takeover talks.
Christian Family Video Society of Fiji,
Love begins at home.
Continue in plain knitting with dark colour.
What's it like being on the road with your mother?
Peekskill City SD, N.Y., $1.2 mln single-A - Moody's.
The square root of minus 16 doesn't exist, I replied, remembering my school mathematics.
He described September's bombing as unjust, merciless, brutal and cowardly.
Merrill leads four-tranche asset-backed dollar FRN.
AUTODESK COMMITTED TO DIVERSIFYING REVENUE STREAM
SOCCER-TWO SENT OFF AS BRAZIL DRAW WITH RUSSIA.
In a little while the garment will be completely renovated.
Bosnia polls postponed, Serbs go alone.
The initial stages of training a dog to recall start now.
And I don't know what it is.
They are thought to introduce too many complications.
Grozny quiet after Lebed promises to halt raids.
When the cat's away, it is jubilee with the mice.
Explaining what is obscure by what is still more obscure. [Making confusion worse confounded.]
But they have told me they did not do it, Mr Hermens added.
HP cuts prices on ScanJet 4c &amp; 4s.
The fool sucks wisdom, as he porter sups, And cobblers grow fine speakers in their cups.
Rover launches its new car, the 200, to the world at Motorfair.
The frog said to the harrow, Cursed be so many lords.
Here was the real importance of Bulgaria's troubles.
Who bows to might loses his right.
Nakornthon Bank closes $100 mln FRCD.
Afghan Taleban arrest six men over Russian escape.
You have a head and so has a pin.
it is not all butter that the cow yields.
All is not lost that is delayed.
If envy were a fever, all the world would be ill.
To be a merchant, the art consists more in getting paid than in making sales.
A covetous woman deserves a swindling gallant.
Cheerful company shortens the miles.
OSF TRYING TO IMPORT OBJECT ORIENTATION INTO DCE
S.Africa JSE qualifies two firms' audit opinions.
Some of the nets in use were those I had made myself.
How quickly with all is a kindness forgotten!
A usurer, a miller, a banker, and a publican, are the four evangelists of Lucifer.
Net per share rose by 22.2% to 0.11.
Rooms have shower/WC, telephone, radio and a balcony.
Opposition politician killed in Haiti.
Such a beginning, such an end.
U.S. corn gluten feed and meal prices unchanged.
Never was a mewing cat a good mouser.
We learn little from victory, much from defeat.
Safe-haven Swiss franc turns into money magnet.
At open doors dogs come in.
US guidelines more friendly to some health mergers.
I couldn't persuade her we're not.
Young pigs grunt as old swine grunted before them.
It is available immediately starting at 8,000 for a 32-user license.
Medtronic acquires Sensors product line.
RTRS-Qantas A$450m 96/97 profit possible.
A forced kindness deserves no thanks.
U.S. cotton weekly export sales highlights -- USDA.
I'm just trying to keep going and hope I don't break down.
What can't be cured, must be endured.
He may lie boldly who comes from afar.
He who cannot revenge himself is weak, he who will not is contemptible.
None at all, thank the Lord.
Shirk work and you will want bread.
Lam Research to cut jobs, reorganize.
By a sweet tongue and kindness, you can drag an elephant with a hair.
Competition climbing is laughable in this country, and is probably a dead duck anyway.
On the very last day for applications (by coincidence???)
How to be successful at meetings
He loves me for little that hates me for naught.
FEATURE - Fertile Ukraine faces drought of cash and rain.
Estonian president faces re-election challenge.
The Terra Nova came, and went.
O daughter, I'm telling you. O daughter-in-law, listen to it.
She put her hand in her bosom and took out the silver medal.
Russian troops start Chechnya pullout.
It was time to go back.
Taiwan's Far Eastern H1 profit plunges.
Harvest comes not every day, though it comes every year.
North America bunkers steady to firmer with crude.
Old Red returned to frowning at the floor.
RTRS - Great Central yr net profit A$46.1 mln.
U.K. Intervention Board details EU sugar sales.
Kansai Kisen -1996 parent forecast.
Zurich Aug inflation rate steady at 0.6 pct yr/yr.
Nobody gathers firewood to roast a thin goat.
The sign invites you in, but your money must get you out.
Gold goes in at any gate.
Truth's cloak is often lined with lies.
The grapes are sour.
He who doesn't risk never gets to drink champagne.
Indosat at 31-3/8 in New York on Monday.
He begins to grow bad who believes himself good.
I wonder if she can hear me.
Join now in the struggle for independence.
It is not the greatest beauties that inspire the most profound passion.
The company added that a standby boat was keeping an eye on the situation.
The law-machine was clanking and clattering to its own weird rhythm.
PRESS DIGEST - New York Times front page - Aug 26.
CSCE nearby cocoa ends firmer, but off highs.
For every wise man there is one still wiser.
Greek president dissolves parliament for snap vote.
Poor thanks is the way of the world.
Many were killed as they were in Wrath.
The old parrot does not mind the stick.
PRESS DIGEST - Tunisia - Aug 23.
boTtom phutt packet lead to pterodactYL Coughcrackle on lungs 555aaaa
We receive nothing with so much reluctance as advice.
It is only 93 light-years away, closer than most of the red giants.
I dunno what she's doing, but she's smiling real nice at me.
Praise undeserved is satire in disguise.
"All freight lightens," said the skipper, when he threw his wife overboard.
After truce, Lebed faces tougher Chechen problem.
I seem to be courting you !
Sydney fell by 2.4% after the release of worse-than-expected trade figures for March.
FORECAST - Consensus of U.K. economic indicators.
China Vanke posts lower interim net.
Tokyo Soir -1996 parent forecast.
MoM: Keith Curle, City (England class).
Now what are you going to do?
Nippon Ceramic - 1996 group forecast.
Moody's rates TEPCO's 10-year Swiss franc bond Aaa.
Friday pretexts for not fasting (meaning pleas of indisposition for not eating fish.)
Unless what we do is useful, glory is vain.
Many look with one eye at what they give, but with seven at what they receive.
Polish venture starts to assemble Hyundai cars.
U.S. court reverses ruling on TLC Beatrice case.
Roots and what grows from roots.
It will reportedly become part of Project DOE.
Where shall a man have a worse friend than he brings from home.
We believe this level to be sustainable.
ATHLETICS-CHRISTIE MAY JOIN BERLIN `DREAM TEAM' RELAY.
My wife will extend the invitation to the Carsons.
Investigator refuses to confirm Flight 800 report.
Light griefs can speak, but deeper ones are dumb.
RUGBY UNION-TUIGAMALA RETURNS TO UNION CODE WITH WASPS.
Not the cry, but the flight of the wild duck, leads the flock to fly and follow.
But bacteria can be stained with specific dyes, to clarify their structure for microscopy.
OS/2 2.0 GETS PRODUCT EXCELLENCE AWARD
RTRS-Australian dlr dips as sun sets on samurais.
Czech BICS100 bond index rises 0.015pts to 99.804.
There's no need to grease the fat pig's rump.
Indian gold, silver close higher on thin supply.
Running water carries no poison.
China copper stocks key to price - industry analyst.
This incident has led to work being carried on, comparing shadow sizes.
This test is around now for some people.
Possible future labour shortages may also affect the formal care sector.
El Salvador banker pleased with new S&amp;P rating.
However, there is no point in looking for trouble.
MOBILE DATACOM APPLIES FOR SATELLITE LICENCE
HGCA daily agri-money rates - Aug 27.
U.S. cold storage stocks - USDA.
Amplicon Q4 net rises.
Ford China JV posts 77 percent net drop in H1 96.
CWB drops August 96/97 wheat, feed barley PROs.
Smoke, floods, and a troublesome wife, are enough to drive a man out of his life.
Strike fails to disrupt S.African oil industry.
French stocks close sharply down on weaker franc.
The applause of the people is a blast of air.
God keep you in mind of your souls as well as your bodies.
RESEARCH - ING keeps Nedlloyd as a Sell.
Each beetle carries two factors (or genes) that determine the colour of its eyes.
To persecute the unfortunate is like throwing stones on one fallen into a well.
SLIGHT GROWTH FOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES IN NEXT TWO YEARS
He who commences many things finishes few.
When we do we tend to imagine outcomes.
That's right trying to get people together for that Japanese
Until then, owners and tenants beware.
Bulgaria offers 2.0 bln levs 1-yr T-bills Aug 26.
Beware of the dog himself, his shadow does not bite.
Adversity is the foundation of virtue.
Beneficial Corp raises dividend.
Does it assist the learner to be creative and outward-looking in her work?
Only the Centre's music-theatrical astuteness remains, perhaps, in question.
After meat, mustard.
Lightfastness ratings are given and details on each pigment's toxicity are included.
Pakhoed H1 tank storage result slips.
So you can all do without me.
He is as welcome as the first day in Lent. (Alluding to fastday.)
He is a fool and ever shall, Who writes his name upon a wall.
CRICKET-ENGLISH COUNTY CHAMPIONSHIP CLOSE SCORE.
But I am looking at something from the previous century.
BT SUPPLY NATIONAL POWER WITH VIDEOCONFERENCING EQUIPMENT
Those who hear not the music think the dancers mad.
Never expect your friends to do for you that which you can yourself accomplish.
S.Africa's Asmal says state forests in trouble.
Garlic pills don't lower cholesterol, study finds.
now your, your speaking as a bus driver
Borrowed garments never sit well.
Doctor, I hate to do this, Defries said.
Where curlew and redshank and lapwing repose
Asiamatrix sells lease, equipment.
A man of straw needs a woman of gold.
Estonian MPS see little hope of electing president.
It will diffuse rapidly into the fibre, generating a high internal osmotic pressure.
Transactions in Hell also depend upon money.
Ohio lawmaker proposes $2.5 bln bonds for schools.
We have a unique stage here just right for his talents.
War is pleasant to those who have not tried it.
Yugoslavia lets UN war crimes tribunal open office.
Telephone (and ask for Warm Hearted Weekends Reservations).
A live dog is better than a dead lion.
Indonesian rupiah stable, swap rates ease further.
The sanding must be done thoroughly, merely scratching the wood is no good.
EMERGENCY WEATHER CONDITIONS - WSC - 23-AUG.
Japan, ADB to fund Nepal power project.
He visited his former homeland last summer and couldn't bear it.
Compose along, cut diamonds along, organise a strike along, crack atoms or safes along.
Evans Halshaw Holdings H1 pretax profit down.
YOU CAN BUILD A FANTASTIC POWER PACKED BODY IN ONLY 12 WEEKS!
A phone call can really boost morale.
Show what we loved dissolving in the skies.
Great Britain was broadly favourable to the work of MacArthur.
I murdered Brenda Goring for what I suppose is the most unusual of motives.
In the coldest flint there is hot fire.
This, of course, is no real constraint at all.
In principle this does not need to be done by an accountant.
They were not subject to service contracts containing restrictive covenants.
German shares stagnant as bourse trade kicks off.
Two men may meet, but never two mountains.
New songs are eagerly sung.
These formal laws are complex and in the UK at least rarely resorted to.
U.S. budget office says no &quot;sequestration&quot; needed.
London precious metals quiet ahead of options expiry.
FOCUS-UK sales figures ease fears of runaway boom.
CBRS confirms Doman rating at B+(High).
French mistletoe is making big inroads.
A bad labour, and a daughter after all.
Envy waits on boasting.
Closing date for applications 17 April 1992
Just colour me Jesse Arts diary.
But progress will come not only on large machines.
Then I remembered the Gospel lessons at Robertson Street.
This gallery is the farthest North found in the Survey.
Midwest US spot butane keeps gains in late trade.
They fought with varying success.
Under the vaulted ground floor was a guardroom and small prison.
Well, I'll see you in the office tomorrow morning, shall I?
German DAX pressured as Ifo shakes rate hopes.
Under water, famine; under snow, bread.
London coal/ore fixtures.
Eat well, drink in moderation, and sleep sound, in these three good health abound.
When two elephants fight, it is the grass that gets trampled.
US COMPANIES UNABLE TO BENEFIT FROM JAPANESE EXCHANGE RATE
South Korea have won the last three tournaments.
At an ambuscade of villains a man does better with his feet than his hands.
It takes four living men to carry one dead man out of a house.
The maw costs much.
RACAL AND POINT FOUR PLANET EPoS TEAM ON POS SYSTEMS
I am in a fix. [In a place where three ways meet.]
Let the injurer not forget.
They have no beds or furniture.
Thus, just as grandchildren can take, so can nephews and nieces and first cousins.
You're more than welcome and take care.
NWE straight-run fuel oil - crude gives support.
Yes, 16 major healthcare cash benefits can be yours from around 17p a day.
Keep your nose out of another's mess.
Start with 88 and tune slowly.
Moslem villagers help stranded Hindu pilgrims.
British man faces trial in Sweden after Nazi demo.
RTRS-AUSTRALIAN P-NOTES - One tender of A$15 mln.
Of all meat in the world drink goes down the best.
George Galloway is detested by everybody around 'ere, she answered him.
Orders for costs out of legal aid fund, suspended for three weeks.
We all love you here, OK?
US WCoast light crudes under pressure from NYMEX.
Length begets loathing.
Light burdens carried far become heavy.
A fool, if he holds his tongue, passes for wise.
Without raising your hopes unduly as I say, it's a matter for the emperor
If you pay peanuts, you get monkeys.
Man appears to be descended from patrilineal ancestors.
A transmission error resulted in a misspelling throughout Saturday's obituary by David Shipman.
It is a programme that holds out more than hope for the underclass.
APEC officials optimistic at end of meeting.
Chilean justice was not totally intimidated.
Kindercare says debt buy to hit Q1 results.
Sat Trent Polytechnic; Tue Birmingham Hummingbird; Wed Brighton Top Rank.
Pageant organizers deny ultimatum to Miss Universe.
A mad dog cannot live long.
Who blackens others, does not whiten himself.
Westvaco Q3 shr reduced.
Many of them also offer a mail-order service
Philippine Central Bank cuts overnight rates.
I'll never be like Chuck Berry and Little Richard that oldie but goodie vibe
I was just gonna say, we've been talking about equality a lot tonight
Turkish PM lauds &quot;natural&quot; gas deal with Iran.
Certainly not a routine interpretation of certain symbols attached to specific meanings.
If the eyes don't see, the heart won't break.
The looming prison crisis dominated penal thinking in the latter part of the period.
Security Bancorp increases regular payout.
Japan, EU may aid U.S. in ag trade reform.
RESEARCH - Robeco upgrades Nedlloyd to Buy.
Good counsel comes over night.
I think there are probably much more wonderful things in the world, said Masklin.
One grows used to love and to fire.
He gathered his robe up around his knees and smiled at her.
Swiss launch three-month money market claims.
Long on hair, short on brains.
The Act is silent about the criteria for admission to membership.
One must talk little and listen much.
Russian sugarbeet harvest could fall to 17.5 mln T.
Nothing drastic or even very specific was proposed.
It is, incidentally, a career in which women are making particular headway.
Woman (decides), impromptu; man, on reflection.
Brothers save wife from Egypt sea then drown.
He'd grown tired of carrying the basket.
The headache is mine and the cows are ours.
Canadian bonds close mixed, spreads to U.S. narrow.
One good turn deserves another. - (Dutch, French, German), also found in Beaumont and Fletcher, "Little French Lawyer", III, 2
Better mine than ours.
Investigator tells paper nitro found in TWA wreck.
Plan an intimate weekend with your partner on the 7th and 8th.
The standard is to be four fluid ounces.
The hen is ill off when the egg teaches her how to cackle.
He looked like a worried small boy.
No man has a worse friend than he brings with him from home.
Pride and grace dwell never in one place.
We set up for Labidochromis sp .
Court rules against prosecuting Yugoslav general.
They won a gilded diecase plaque presented by the Railway Heritage Trust.
Bulgarian presidential candidates denied approval.
That bench is well adorned that is filled with virtuous women.
U.S. ship poised to retrieve Titanic hull.
He can do but little who cannot threaten another.
We are accepted as such by all centres undertaking this work.
That's how I've decided to approach my life here.
Fear a silent man. He has lips like a drum.
Elizabeth Bradford would never forgive us.
This was followed by a concert during which Fr.
It could be memorised easily and no warning had been given about its sensitivity.
He who would thrive must follow the church, the sea, or the king's service.
Black group wins Johnnic in landmark deal.
Russian MinFins fall on new freezing rumours.
When the importance of cattle declined in the local economy, so did cattle stealing.
In fact, she went on, much more than well.
Some of these have been identified in the above discussion.
China talks airport loans with Japan, France.
INFORMATION BUSINESS SYSTEMS TIRANA WINS 480,000 TENDER
ATRIA SEES H2 RESULT UP ON H1.
Never fell oak at the very first stroke.
It needs to be related to their own experience, for then they will understand.
Their help in this and in many other areas is gratefully acknowledged.
Where vain-glory reigns, folly is prime counsellor.
Royal Bank cuts prime to 5.75 pct.
One grain does not full the granary, but it helps its companion.
The former is sold as two 4Mb SIMMS; the latter as two 16Mb SIMMS.
By capturing it, we might hope to resolve sub-millimetre details of the solar surface!
Also Margo Macdonald in her Ask Margo series explained more about arranging funerals.
An American will go to hell for a bag of coffee.
He that lives in hope danceth without music.
She looked very small, here, in the kitchen like any young woman.
UK retail sales on upward trend -Treasury.
Full cup, steady hand.
He who goes with wolves learns to howl.
CCC buys 5,350 tonnes soybean oil for Peru.
If you buy things you don't need, you'll soon be selling things you do.
RTRS-Walker Corp sees improved 96/97 profit.
U.S. MUNICIPAL FOCUS - prices end firm to higher.
Nigeria lays down the law for Commonwealth visit.
Yet, the European doctors are also right.
The table bears the estimate of 120150,000 (220270,000).
SHELL CDA raises Canada heavy oil prices.
If you are going to steal horses, steal thoroughbreds.
John Keble, portrait by G. Richmond (1863)
Mexico close to stamping out marijuana, opium crops.
Fatherly advice on the composition was offered:
QUANTUM CORP OPENS ASIA-PACIFIC REGIONAL HQ
Sodak in gaming agreement in Brazil.
Nevertheless it is clear that the chief gainer was Louis VII.
Dead and never called me Mother, it had probably been.
We are born; we die.
Figure 40 The buffet plate of the London Goldsmiths' Company.
The debts go to the next heir.
The cost will be shared equally between Britain and Hong Kong.
China grants Kenya bank $10 mln export credit.
The fault of another is a good teacher.
Four killed in new S.African gold mine violence.
Version 1 of SVR4.2 was frozen in early August.
Kobe Kiito - 1996 group forecast.
Every man can rule a shrew but he who has her.
I'd be counting the days now, if I hadn't got parole.
SOCCER-UEFA CUP QUALIFYING ROUND, SECOND LEG COLLATED RESULTS.
THE COMPOSITION OF POTATOES PER 100g
Do not look to the peaceful man for cudgels.
India RBI SGL account trades on August 21.
Behind that long, happy record has been unquestionably the influence of Caroline.
Transmation Inc OKs stock-issue increase.
Providence our herald, no barrier can oppose us.
It is not surprising therefore that Lowenthal (1978, 389) has concluded that:
State Dept aide quits, admits affair: Post.
Netscape agrees to support Apple technology.
SOCCER-ISRAELI FIRST DIVISION RESULTS.
The later comer is ill lodged.
Good faith is a seldom guest, when you have him, hold him fast.
Only stretch your foot to the length of your blanket.
British regulator suspends three ex-Barings staff.
First Bank System Inc declares dividend.
Beware of the man of two faces.
Heaviness may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning.
Norex Industries Inc Q2 shr up sharply.
The obvious trap is that of being infantilised.
When the words are said, the holy water is made.
Winchester was appointed CBE in 1962.
For each organization identified provide a copy of the latest annual report.
All things come not to pass which the mind has conceived.
Disease hits S.African ostrich steak exports.
Don't cross the bridge until you come to it.
The note is formal and discreet, I think.
Why are you drinking Diet Coke?
The solution to this problem lies elsewhere (in an increasingly aggressive fight for resources).
Sainsbury refuses to give cash to education or to the NHS.
We've got enough troubles of our own in Calleshire.
Go not every evening to your brother's house.
Where in the world have you been?
Put out the fire betimes, ere it reach the roof.
You are no longer thinking about it because you are it.
In fact, many blues-rockers favour this mode for their melodies.
Natasha : I don't know what to say.
With nice appearance people want to be deceived.
A quiet conscience sleeps in thunder.
Chilean helicopters start Iraq's arms mission.
IBJ to pay extra tax as write-off method rejected.
But we had another few hundred feet to manage before we saw our goal.
Even from a foe a man may learn wisdom.
Will materials, components, and the product be made internally or purchased from outside?
She escaped by getting out of the vehicle while it was moving.
Old age is not a blessing.
Cedar Hill ISD, Texas, $24 mln Aaa - Moody's.
Kobe rubber futures mixed in after-hours trade.
This sounded like a psyching-up treatment that clients would respond to.
His case has been taken up by Justice, the all- party law reform group.
Saints fly only in the eyes of their disciples.
World Bank reviews Ivorian cocoa, coffee auctions.
A hungry ass needs not a blow.
Katy, Texas, eyes $139 mln school bond referendum.
Women are wise impromptu, fools on reflection.
Don't be too sweet lest you be eaten up; don't be too bitter lest you be spewed out.
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words will never hurt me.
People can do great good in the world and still smile.
Anything! he screamed, banging his fists on the floor.
The king's cheese goes half away in parings.
Many desire the tree who pretend to refuse the fruit.
T.O. Ogasawara -96/97 group forecast.
Union is strength.
Knew that she was no longer a child.
Actor Reeve highlights Democrats' first night.
The end crowns all.
You must be realistic about your age and mobility too.
When he comes here he always visits the children in the school.
Thirteen pound thirteen pound fifty and then
That is the government's responsibility, it says.
Derek Cooper, presenter of The Food Programme Drink.
Brooks Fiber to invest $60 mln in networks.
If the mountain will not go to Mahomet, Mahomet must go to the mountain.
Every man must go to the mill with his own sack.
Bonn estimates Q2 growth at one pct yr/yr.
When the shepherd strays, the sheep stray.
The Direct Successors of Marx and Engels
A mile walk with a friend has only one hundred steps.
The poorer readers will benefit most of all.
RTRS-CONSENSUS-Australian economic forecasts.
U.S. refiners to face pricey butane this winter.
Plus, of course, the usual service trains.
Alaska Air unit orders 25 Bombardier jets.
He who tells his own affairs will hardly keep secret those of others.
Crimes may be secret, yet not secure.
FTSE 100 closes above 3,900, sets new record high.
A man well mounted is always proud.
Reuters Historical Calendar - August 29.
Better when birds sing than where irons ring.
When the moon's in the full, then wit's in the wane.
A small bolt to the house is better than none at all.
BEFORE YOU PUT A USED SAAB TO THE TEST, WE DO!
The gallows takes its own.
The mind is best taught with a sharp whip.
They will provide serious competition, Glennon said, prices will almost certainly fall.
It closed only last Christmas, when the lease expired.
The hen's eyes are with her chickens.
If Swann is correct the identification of needs will be resource-led.
Moran looked from his son's face to his wife's but his own remained expressionless.
Obedience is the mother of happiness.
The pitcher goes often to the well and gets broken at last.
INTERVIEW-CDW sees direct marketing growth.
Honour and profit will not keep in one sack.
NO EXPLOSIVES FOUND ON TURKISH PLANE IN SOFIA.
The paper was written by Nigel Gilbert in collaboration with the other main authors.
The Thamesmead development will include 100 low-cost houses and flats, workshops and retail units.
The one who first resorts to violence shows that he has no more arguments.
Hong Kong money markets closed for holiday.
Please note that, currently, the Customer Guarantee Scheme applies only to domestic customers.
Didn't Mother get my letter? asked Father.
Where there is least heart there is most tongue.
Chrysler sets plans for $315 million Brazil plant.
An appeal is to be launched to encourage volunteer bodies to remedy the situation.
Others blame the complexity of the system.
JUDGMENT BEGINS ON APARTHEID ASSASSIN.
Kidnappers in Indonesia's Irian following orders.
Novell NetWare 4.0 will debut on Wednesday March 10 in Washington, DC.
Sorrow is dry.
Nature without an effort surpasses art.
Man, woman, and devil, are the three degrees of comparison.
MCI signs key U.S. wireless strategy pact.
ATT SIGN 30m CONTRACT IN CHINESE YUNAN PROVINCE
Before you marry reflect, for it is a knot you cannot untie.
The side of the board that is closest to the wind.
RESEARCH ALERT - Kyocera rated.
Soon even Rose would not want toys anymore.
He has a nostalgia for the palaeolithic world, he confessed.
But you don't fool me, you greedy men,
This is, as I have already argued, a recipe for disaster.
Bloody sexist, muttered Perdita, as Juan rode off.
Struck silver, 33.5 mm in diameter.
Novices scouring the roads should beware.
Fed begins meeting to discuss interest rate policy.
EU leaves German barley export quota unchanged.
Nothing is more like an honest man than a rogue.
But that was in the future.
All your geese are swans.
A good cause needs help.
DNA tests clear UK schoolboys in French murder.
Kill not the goose that lays the golden egg.
MAN says 1995/96 group net profit rises.
AMEC to divest 50 pct interest in BPMS.
CACI International awarded Justice contract.
No living man all things can.
Sri Lanka stocks close flat, turnover rises.
PRESS DIGEST - Estonia - Aug 27.
He hasn't got a pliable conscience like me.
And they laughed at themselves for believing such an unlikely story.
Sing not of triumph before the victory.
Set a peasant on horseback, and he forgets both God and man.
Her face cracked in a thousand lines when she smiled.
Mannion's replacement will be Owain Williams of Bridgend.
News says STAR TV losses in line.
God's friends, the priest's foe.
No sooner is the law made than its evasion is discovered.
So we break up on Wednesday that's Friday Friday, So three Fridays.
BALANCE - Lufkin, Angelina Cty, Texas at $600,000.
A cow does not know what her tail is worth until she has lost it.
We have just experienced the most amazing value for money holiday available today.
AIB ups interest rates by up to 0.50 pct.
Conscious that his gifts were God-given, he was a man of no material ambition.
There were eight unshaded light bulbs distributed along the edges of the ceiling.
Be yours and Cora-Beth's when I turn up my toes, he said.
Well-done outlives death.
Massachusetts home sales dip in July - report.
You think you are strong like the corn plant, yet the bean vine is already choking you.
India's STC tenders for palm olein - traders.
Reno says drug war should be non-partisan.
WinStar, NYNEX enter phone pact.
I learned a lot from other BBC programmes.
He must prove his innocence and good character.
A good friend is better than silver and gold.
Actively seek to minimise your weaknesses and maximise your strengths.
Happy is she who is in love with an old dotard.
ISDN SERVICE BETWEEN JAPAN AND SINGAPORE UNDER WAY
From America they travelled on to Nassau.
He that speaks, sows; he that hears, reaps.
TDK - 1 qtr group results.
If the dog is not at home, he barks not.
Marriage is like a groundnut: you have to crack them to see what is inside.
He that makes himself a sheep will be eaten by the wolf.
B.A.T confident of US tobacco sales.
Brookstone Inc Q2 loss narrows.
UNISYS CLAIMS 50% OF OPEN SYSTEMS TRANSACTION PROCESSING
Forexbank busy on otherwise quiet Estonian market.
B-R 31 Ice Cream -1996 parent forecast.
Foul water will quench fire.
CRICKET-SRI LANKA AND AUSTRALIA SAY RELATIONS HAVE HEALED.
Sanwa joins Amsterdam Treasury Bond market.
The Changing Scope of Military Strategy
We are not going to be a loser ever again.
Turkish money/forex/bond closing report.
The woman next door came and sat beside her.
Rancho Cucamonga Redevelopment 5.90 pct in 2026.
Have luck, and sleep.
BORLAND INTERNATIONAL SETS UP CLIENT SERVER DIVISION
Solicitors: Sharpe Pritchard; Brachers, Maidstone; Freshfields; Martin Tolhurst Partnership, Strood.
and on the path we walk in our happiness
He that hires one garden eats birds; he that hires more than one will be eaten by the birds.
She was a dark unyielding largesse.
's work, which does not even address psychology specifically, provides clear examples.
IMF mission backs Ukraine tranche payment.
and find out where the, the la ladies is
So I would dismiss this appeal.
Twelve dead in apparent South Pacific mutiny-korea.
Pakistan State Oil slips on report of leak.
No corporate stocks trade in Bulgaria this week.
Gratitude is the least of virtues, but ingratitude the worst of vices.
Record its details in your manual log (Task 6).
I had been worried about the vodka.
Ashi might be able to interfere with the negotiations at her end.
Demonstrating climate to be the primary cause clears up many such problems.
Hodder Stanchion carries on under the Attender brothers, Michel and Phalli.
While there's life there's hope.
Make your bargain before beginning to plow.
FIRST HONG KONG PEKING LEASED HIGH-SPEED DIGITAL CIRCUIT
It's a poor sheep that cannot carry its own wool.
Don't build a new ship out of old wood.
The military leader, Colonel Acheampong, wanted him to have a state funeral.
Yasuda Fire to boost cooperation with CIGNA unit.
The vice-chancellors asked for papers to inform their debate on fees at Leeds.
Thrift is a great revenue.
Walls have ears, and little pots too.
Respect a man, he will do the more.
Consilium Inc Q3 shr loss vs profit.
He that abideth low cannot fall hard.
Minimum age for larger tractors is 17 years.
One who wants to keep their yard tidy does not reserve a plot for the weeds.
Tomorrow your horse may be lame.
He had seldom been more powerful this close to a change.
The fluid should be removed as quickly as possible.
It is more painful to do nothing than something.
It was feckless, unthrifty, sluttish, violent, loud mouthed, and materialistic.
Indonesia seeks negotiated end to unrest.
Don't fall before you're pushed.
Good deeds are the best prayer.
Televisa to extend debt exchange offer.
The session will be held Tuesday June 8 from 8:30am to 10am.
He is unmarried and will never marry now.
Colombian peso extends rally, closes at 1,038.15.
U.S. welcomes Chechnya deal to end fighting.
Pictured above is a work of art by one of our readers.
He who rides the horse is his master.
Investor cuts CRW Financial stake.
I thought we were gonna a new Queen
The strength of these penalties could deter potential offenders from breaching Chinese Walls.
Milling firms boost trading on Cairo bourse.
CRICKET-EASTBOURNE CLUB SAY BANNED GIDDINS CAN PLAY FOR THEM.
CRICKET-ENGLAND V PAKISTAN FINAL TEST SCOREBOARD.
The platform at Buckhurst Hill was empty, or empty at their end.
The quality of entrants was exceptional as we have come to expect!
MICHAEL MILKEN MAY JOIN MICHAEL JACKSON TO CREATE INTERACTIVE TV EDUCATION NETWORK
Poor people's words go many to a sackful.
Continental Airlines adds on-line service.
Fear may force a man to cast beyond the moon.
U.S. ag attache boosts Argentina wheat forecast.
Nothing ventured, nothing gained. - (for variations on theme, see Chaucer, Gower and Heywood)
start to which you will reply with the number in the box labelled Start
Blaw the wind ne'er so fast, it will lower at last.
RTRS - Australia IR law near moment of truth - Howard.
Word by word the big books are made.
My inclination first leads me in one direction, then in the opposite.
Grom can regenerate wounds in the same way as a Troll.
There is no law but has a hole in it, for those who can find it out.
We do not inherit the earth from our ancestors; we borrow it from our children.
Hijacker diverts Sudanese Airbus towards Cyprus.
It is easy to cut thongs form other men's leather.
Alms do not empty the purse, and a mass does not exhaust the day's duty.
Out with the old, in with the new.
Hungary H1 trade deficit narrows to $1.194 bln.
He who was first an acolyte, and afterwards an abbot or curate, knows what the boys do behind the altar.
The defendants are the recipients of the section 39 notice, not the issuers.
Why wear out your great coat in summer?
the ability to effect change for the better.
To be serious: In German, an ankle is a Fussknchel, a foot knuckle.
The girl I'm not so sure about.
He who grasps too much holds nothing fast.
The perpetrator was like a phantom or a supernatural being.
After all, the reformist might say, some of my readers will be men.
Vengeance is slow, but stern.
I am a very busy housewife
Everything was planned and stage-managed to the last detail.
Chilean copper exports higher in July.
Rate worries weigh on dlr, Eurobourses down.
Peering in it now, he thought: How grudging I look, how pinched, how disappointed.
National Service president resigns.
By good nature and kindness even fierce spirits become tractable.
Manitoba Pork forward contract PM prices - Aug 20.
Rugby Union-Hart defends his captain.
His work has ensured a different fate.
When the fool has made up his mind the market is over.
One can't make head or tail of it.
Every man thinks his copper is gold.
He who sows well, reaps well.
US debt futures end lackluster day narrowly mixed.
If you are, then it is even nicer.
But, seriously, to me Cork is a beautiful city.
If that had been a true man he'd have drunk it again afterwards!
A goose drinks as much as a gander.
He was the man who attacked our Tamar.
After rain comes sunshine.
Said in sport, meant in earnest.
The jury must decide first .
One knows not for whom he gathers.
Definitely a bit of a bubble.
Mexico's Domos notified by U.S. of Cuba sanctions.
Who says little has little to answer for.
It was getting out of hand, like.
Arizona Public sees N.M. plant back Aug 29.
He also wrote extensively in the scientific literature.
IMM currency futures end quiet trading mixed.
But they provide an accurate picture of what had taken place under Justinian.
The bride parades in a creation from Frankfurt, London or New York.
Tokyo Gas to start first gas/refuse power plant.
INDICATORS - POLAND - UPDATED AUGUST 27.
Fluor Corp Q3 net rises.
What sociological punch had amounted to was that actors could still make films work.
Jack Straw, Labour's education spokesman, described the claims as nonsense.
Strong in action, gentle in method. [Lat., Fortiter in re, suaviter in modo.]
China colour TV group posts spectacular growth.
On an uphill road, give your horse his reins.
RTRS-Sugar seen facing consumer taste challenge.
One can pay back the loan of gold, but one dies forever in debt to those who are kind.
What is an exalted position to a low fellow but a golden ring in a swine's snout?
It is better to enjoy what we possess than to hanker after other things.
Life USA Holding completes acquisition.
He who sups with the Devil should have a long spoon.
Details of the operation to remove the boat people are now emerging.
Intor would not produce electricity, that would come later in the so-called demonstration plant.
The soldiers fight, and the kings are heroes.
GOLF-WOODS WINS FIRST MATCH-PLAY ROUND AT U.S. AMATEUR.
NWE oil products firm as supply thins.
I like Rossmayne and I didn't want him mixed up in a scandal.
In another sense, the election was an undoubted victory for sound marketing practice.
Time and opportunity are in no man's sleeve.
The canopy, covering and crust were removed and the temperature of the filling checked.
Every fool is wise when he holds his tongue.
At borrowing cousin german, at repaying son of a whore.
If some men knew who some men were, then some would pay the more honour there.
August contracts expire quietly on CBOT soycomplex.
Women always speak the truth, but not the whole truth.
PRESS DIGEST - Sweden - Aug 21.
Israel angers Palestinians with demolition.
Every cock crows best on his own dunghill.
It was sport's classless society and allowed Edwards to glory in his enduring ambition.
Kulicke &amp; Soffa sees $8 mln Q4 charge.
Alpine Group Inc Q1 July 31 oper net rises.
A sparrow in the hand is better than a pigeon on the wing.
I want to see a beach!
Burma democracy leader says oppression increasing.
Jack will never make a gentleman.
You are like a tree, giving your shade to the outside.
His mother is a princess, my dear.
In the ethnomethodological account, rules become more precise as new precedents are encountered.
Words cut more than swords.
It's money that's the name of the game,
Make hay when the sun shines.
A sparrow in hand is worth more than a vulture flying.
National U.S. avg prices for farmer-owned reserve.
SIMEX Nikkei futures end firm, eyes on FOMC, Dow.
Motor traffic was paralysed in much of the city.
What! give the lettuce in charge to the geese!
A hungry ass eats any straw.
BASEBALL-BONDS' CONSECUTIVE GAME STREAK ENDS.
A succinct discussion of comparative aspects of collective bargaining is Cordova (1978).
RESEARCH ALERT - DBS says reduce Hotel Plaza shares.
One Price Clothing Stores Inc Q2 net.
Clinton campaign busy making &quot;news&quot;.
Rwandan group says expulsions could be imminent.
The initial version of Destiny will reportedly not support multi-processing.
MFS Communications debt up on merger news.
A book holds a house of gold.
To scare a bird is not the way to catch it.
Fish or cut bait.
Regular member of the Blackheath District S.F.A.
INDICATORS - Spain - updated August 26.
She was the first patient I saw with pseudochyluria.
If the bed could tell all it knows, it would put many to the blush.
To which island did he move on retirement?
Egypt says seeks 25,000 T raw or white sugar.
Senior Macau police officer denies bombing spree.
Similarly, problem 3 has and .
Turkish shares post modest gains ahead of weekend.
It measures 135 mm x 54.5 mm x 160 mm.
PRESS DIGEST - Bahrain - Aug 26.
Until 27 November, Camille Saint-Jacques is exhibiting at the Innocenzi-Delsol.
Yielding is sometimes the best way of succeeding.
The ass well knows in whose house he brays.
INTERVIEW-Olympic could be sold by October.
Good swimmers are drowned at last.
India floating rate note (FRN) rates - August 23.
Don't throw away your own shoes till you have got new ones.
The cost to society of treating them is immense.
Russia harvest at 37.3 mln T bunker weight Aug 19.
The good time comes but once.
Oil World sees slower growth in palm oil output.
Who would avoid all strife, should be a bachelor.
In 1989 the WCFBA was renamed more simply the Catholic Biblical Federation (CBF).
When one will not, two cannot quarrel.
Hurricane Edouard not immediate business threat.
Forgive any sooner than thyself.
Everybody thinks his own cuckoo sings better than another's nightingale.
How it should have been there and
It will take real customer demand to convince it to do otherwise, it says.
S&amp;P assigns AA- to Korean bank's dual samurais.
Desserts give more wonderful opportunities to taste a whole range of fine wines.
Ultimately I couldn't care less what happens, he says.
He who can wait obtains what he wishes.
There is nothing new in the experts spreading unwarranted alarm and despondency.
Such pruning was only a palliative.
NZ forest buyers to raise NZ$1.4 billion in debt.
He, who kennels with wolves, must howl.
A slight breeze ruffled his hair.
The righteous man sins before an open chest.
I missed you today , said the woman.
With the other blade facing upward.
Sex: Abuse your powers of attraction.
Is the later poetry so bad?
Iran wraps red tape around nuke test ban.
Chateau says gets unsolicited bid from Sun.
It is dangerous to eat cherries with the great, they throw the stones at your head.
They all meet later, and Kevin gets his revenge.
During the second war, the whistle was used as an air raid warning.
He says he meant the remark only as an expression of affection.
A young woman put a flower into the buttonhole of one of the militia.
RESEARCH ALERT - Albis rated.
A 10-year-old asks for shoes: Right now my mother doesn't work.
I do hope that they may.
Diffidence is the right eye of prudence.
He who takes the child by the hand, takes the mother by the heart.
Indonesia says scrapping U.S. F-16 deal no problem.
He who has a mind to beat a dog will easily find a stick.
N.Ireland Loyalist ceasefire said at risk.
Wild dog, bloodsucker, snake in the grass, parasite, predator, vulture, dingo.
After Cambrai, the corner had been turned and now there was no going back.
The same fire purifies gold and consumes straw.
The secret is to keep it varied, keep it interesting and enjoy it.
IF YOU'RE A PARENT OR GUARDIAN
Abuses are the result of seeing one another too often.
More buys to follow HSBC S&amp;L deal - analysts.
Justice, but not in my own house.
Maxine (4.6): Yes, I can see it by mine.
Ten Cate says profit rise broadly-based.
Nature requires little, fancy much.
He held John Calvin in very great esteem.
American Stores Inc Q2 shr $0.57 vs $0.50.
UNICO Inc Q2 full results.
Single Brent cargo kept and then sold - trade.
Then a whoosh, and she was out in the painful, bright light.
At the king's court every one for himself.
But he then realised that the Sun is rotating.
And take this thought with you to bed.
A learned man has always wealth in himself.
Guatemala rebels deny they intend to stay armed.
No pains, no gains.
Given these difficulties, implementing the White Paper is likely to be a long haul.
Philippine peso rebounds, death rumour quashed.
Go not with every hunger to the cupboard, nor with every thirst to the pitcher.
PRESS DIGEST - New York Times business - Aug 22.
Dolly was obviously set on being sociable for the whole evening.
POLISH C.BANK SELLS PLN 339 MLN BONDS AT OUTRIGHT.
FULL TEXT - Gruma, Archer Daniels in pact.
Argentina bolsa wants role in YPF sales.
To the ass, or the sow, their own offspring appears the fairest in creation.
Save your fowl before it stops flapping.
Continental Airlines adds E-mail service.
It pays to protect your family with HSA SuperPlan.
Thai stocks end 1.47 pct up on speculative buys.
Lebed off to consult Moscow on Chechnya peace deal.
Signed on behalf of the Board.
FTSE 100 finishes at 3,891.1, another record high.
I also agree with the guidance given by Scott L.J.
Sports Diary: Lookalike: Robin Smith / Chewbacca
'Tis an ill dog that deserves not a crust.
Diana gets messages from the late Earl
Oh yes, they'd all heard that.
When friends ask, there is no tomorrow.
After all, we're not asking much.
One dog growls to see another go into the kitchen.
Turkish military sue English-language paper.
RTRS-Australis notes converted to shares.
Who has a head won't want for a hat.
Mexico says Japan to grant it $940 mln. [CORRECTED 03:05 GMT]
Never speak of a rope in the house of one who was hanged.
I don't want to take a sample, but it's not good enough.
I feel that this sentence is far too harsh.
Concorde Gaming Corp Q3 June 30 net down.
Anything else he could of put in the hat Liam?
The offender never forgives.
Who would be rich, must keep his soul under cover of his cash-box.
Venezuela's Aeropostal loses prospective buyer.
RTRS-Shell Australia to rebuild refinery output.
Who buys hath need of eyes.
China PC sales seen at five million units by 2000.
The Pennine Bridleway from Hexham to Matlock is another very important development.
It fares ill with the house where the spinning-wheel commands the sword.
She always has a log fire in the hearth, summer and winter.
Happy the child whose father goes to the devil.
He buys well who is not called a donkey.
Now we're going to see what happens
Over 90 pct of Lloyd's members accept settlement.
SVI Holdings Inc Q3 full results.
Foshan Lighting H1 net up 10 pct.
He that has a wife has a master.
Portucel chief sees firmer pulp prices.
Melrose close to Russian oil and gas deal.
You can go now Mrs .
US mortgage-backeds slip, narrow in light trade.
Perhaps you could shed some light on that, Mrs Atkins?
I suppose with Easter most people do stay I mean
Seven days is the length of a guest's life.
MOTOR RACING-SCHUMACHER UPSETS ODDS IN BELGIUM.
Japan yen bond trade to be extended on tankan day.
To be like the tailor of Campillo, who worked for nothing, and found thread.
Bonn austerity drive restarts after summer.
You might at best have noted that the puppy had before been slightly lame.
Police officers have taken 1,500 statements from youngsters during the last year.
Don't live in a town where there are no doctors.
Four years later I saw Ruth on the scene.
Daughter-in-law hates mother-in-law.
Let those pater nosters be for your own soul. (Ironical, against swearing.)
I think the BMC has made two big mistakes.
PMR Corp Q1 shr rises.
Colombian stocks end lower, led by cement stocks.
Illustrates the development of communication by electrical means.
I want to go board-sailing, maybe do a little water skiing.
The life of the university will be poorer for his absence.
The pain and the wind and the shouts from behind were all nothing.
Quietly, disdainfully, little brother touched his own nose, softly, and replied:
Rain bounced off the steps at the caf's doorway.
Do not lend your money to a great man.
U.S. blocks Lloyd's of London action; appeal filed.
Death is nature's way of telling you to slow down.
Silence is wisdom and gets a man friends.
Darlington Hoopes, politician, died Sinking Spring Pennsylvania 25 September aged 93.
I have a hundred different ways to earn a living.
Better whole than patched in gold.
Regulatory genes are very important in pattern formation.
Sharp acids corrode their own containers.
Hard words break no bones.
There's no turning a windmill with a pair of bellows.
These are only examples; other factors may come into play in a particular case.
Who is your enemy? A man of your own trade.
Taiwan urges Japan to exercise self-control.
Indonesia seeks 200,000 tonnes Thai rice.
I found the word tumour chilling, and he must have sensed it.
Three faces lit up, beaming in upon what they thought was a crucial fact.
Question: When is LAN Manager for Windows/NT not LAN Manager for Windows/NT?
Counsel before action.
All but saves many a man.
Centigram Communications Q3 full results.
Although there is no treatment, at least you can adjust your training routine accordingly.
Nippon Engineering - 95/96 parent results.
He proves, once again, how well he writes.
Life is sweet.
Death to the wolf is life to the lambs.
A single untried popular remedy often throws the scientific doctor into hysterics.
Talisman to buy interests from BP.
Their harms, our arms.
A hungry man, an angry man.
Dlr ends down in U.S., Buba rate cut rally fizzles.
To the lean pig a fat acorn.
Ohio legislature to weigh second turnpike agency.
The doctor seldom takes physic.
Bass, Carlsberg-Tetley key facts.
converted to various uses, the building is a landmark of South London
Some have the fame, and other card the wool.
IPO PRICING - Stericycle at $9, below range.
Danger is next neighbor to security.
Nynex of the US holds the second New York cellular radio licence.
An analysis of the contractual relationship produces the same result and the same consequences.
Istanbul gold trade booms amid free market demand.
He also believes in fairies, witches, sea monsters and Father Christmas.
The family is very well known in Italy, apparently, Louise continued.
Many who build castles in the air cannot build a hut on earth.
Better one cow in peace than seven in trouble.
Fools go in throngs.
Sugar content 13.6 pct in 3rd Ukraine beet test.
Swiss bond market closing report.
Tambang Timah at $16.325 in London.
He stepped clear of the tree, firing from the hip.
Words have no wings but they can fly a thousand miles.
Bombay stocks-recent FII equity trading volumes.
Tunis bourse closes slightly up.
United News to sell some local newspapers.
WHAT'S IN YOUR DECEMBER ISSUE OF PFK?
The Humanities Computing Yearbook, 198990, ed.
N.Europe rapeseed market sees Scandinavian buyers.
A normal resting heartbeat is around 7080 beats a minute.
Airfreight crime action plan by end Sept - ATAN.
Too much blood has been shed.
At present the US has a 335 million annual budget for fusion research (magnetic).
Perhaps if you would like to go round the
Amgen boosts Epogen defense with EPO patent.
Ill will never said well.
His hair wasn't dirty it was all clean and flyaway in fact.
If a person shave you with a razor, do not shave him with broken glass.
Nine young goddesses, daughters of ZEUS and Mnemosyne, the spirit of memory.
When it rains and the sun shines at the same time, the devil is beating his wife.
In still water are the largest fish.
Against Labour, antisocialist interests cohered around the Municipal Alliance.
The ass's son brays one hour daily.
The reverse side also has a reverse side.
He gives neither too little, nor too much.
Hired horses make short miles.
PRESS DIGEST - HK Newspaper Editorials - Aug 20.
Sumo-First Mongolian wrestler enters top division.
Harsh is the voice which would dismiss us, but sweet is the sound of welcome.
He added that the market gloom was caused by fears of recession.
Hunger breaks through stone walls.
Support for this view is found in the general rarity of tools in graves.
Finance are asking for your overseas' expenses for Greece
UK shares open mixed ahead of German rate news.
Create Medic -1996 parent forecast.
When a good offer comes for your daughter, don't wait till her father returns from market.
A gold key opens every door.
But what was most interesting was her praise of the good characters.
Soccer-Arab team breaks new ground in Israel.
EU's Van Miert says VW aid row still unresolved.
U.S. cocoa and coffee exports--Commerce.
All sunshine makes the desert.
When dirt comes to honour it know not what to be.
London precious metals drift lower in slow PM.
Which toaster gives the best results?
MOTOR RACING-KEEP FRIDAY PRACTICE, WILLIAMS WARNS.
A hungry wolf is not at rest.
ROGERS CABLESYSTEMS DEMONSTRATES DIGITAL VIDEO COMPRESSION
RTRS- Niugini says in talks with Battle.
Oklahoma becomes 14th state to sue tobacco industry.
Food and Drink Update: Rome at the top
Fire at hotel in central France kills four.
Why not use it today and keep it handy for future checks?
By repeated blows even the oak is felled.
It never troubles a wolf how many the sheep be.
The wolf changes his teeth but not his disposition.
HC is not like other illnesses.
BRIGHT-BELGIANS SPEED AFTER SCHUMACHER'S WIN.
And you call this grounds grounds for suspicion?
Brazil cenbank sets new weaker trade level on real.
Test validity can be determined in different ways.
Old and tough, young and tender.
Kevorkian client's widower in tax arrears - report.
Child sex abuse a global business, conference told.
A moral life without reference to religion is like a house built on sand.
Hugh Dalton wrote in June 1940:
A rumour goes in one ear and out many mouths.
'Tis a wise child that knows its own father.
Dated Brent trades at lower Sept Brent minus 5 cts.
One brass block phone 18 long with 4 wooden box on top.
RESEARCH ALERT - Nippon Meat rated.
Gear is easier gained than guided.
He who borrows sells his freedom.
PRESS DIGEST - Washington Post business - Aug 22.
You can have too much of a good thing.
He knows where the devil has his tail.
Call me not olive before you see me gathered.
PRESS DIGEST - United Arab Emirates - Aug 20.
There are now no living descendants of the Mozart family.
The investment strategies of pension funds vary surprisingly from country to country.
The words are worth one last look.
Strong folks have strong maladies.
I just hid in the corner until the bizzies had gone.
Hunger teaches us many a lesson.
Bank of Spain unlikely to cut rates despite Buba.
Dutch helicopter crashes, all three people hurt.
The case of classical Greek drama is especially relevant.
Children pick up words, as pigeons peas, And utter them again as God shall please.
He who lets the goat be laid on his shoulders is soon after forced to carry the cow.
Turkish shares slip amid lack of fresh cash.
our future generation with women with an ideological figure such as Sindy.
It is human to err, but diabolical to persevere.
The greatest love is a mother's, then a dog's, then a sweetheart's.
Mexico's TIIE, TIIP 28-day interest rates fall.
Pakistani money rates remain at high levels.
A pleasant think never comes too soon.
Share trade BFE, BPI suspended.
I think that's probably a very good place to leave!
We've infiltrated into their pubs you know
FROM THE HILL-Glimpses of new-style NZ politics.
Clinton lead halved in Calif. after GOP convention.
Blood boils without fire.
Many a mickle makes a muckle.
All organisation succeeds in its purpose in proportion to the effectiveness of its feedback.
Rainforest files for 2.5 mln share offer.
The eyes believe themselves; the ears believe other people.
God sends fortune to fools.
In October SAR News moved from New Delhi to Bombay, India's media capital.
We were not disappointed but we were a little hurt.
Throw it around to your heart's content.
My footsteps, ringing eerily inside my own head.
Delta Natural Gas Co sets higher div.
TRIS lowers Int'l Engineering rating.
Conservation thinking has begun to grasp a few of the same nettles.
He writes on the virtues of travelling light his pochade box always with him.
Summary of Ifo July German business survey.
The price is 5570, 575 more than the City.
Teng and Chang had stepped back now.
But they added that the company's performance must be improved significantly.
Solicitors: Simons Muirhead Burton; Charles Russell.
Simpkin also took Fiji to a fifth place finish in the inaugural World Cup.
Philippine Economic Indicators.
Lack of passion, a football pal informed me.
We walked, hand in hand, out of the old garden.
This has a direct bearing on their exports such as lamb.
You will be rewarded by a successful result.
Everything is the worse for wearing.
German inland gas oil softens in weak demand.
Comes in at the end with a wet sail.
An account which tries to convey the impression that you're not there at all.
No one is certain why this should be.
Do wrong once and you'll never hear the end of it.
Surely I can hear voices inside the garden? he thought.
Interest on debts grow without rain.
Aegon posts strong net, outlook.
In the meantime I must move in life, though not alive in it.
I-O Data Device -96/97 parent forecast.
Hong Kong stocks in London little changed, quiet.
The home girl won just 6 games.
Finland Bank seen quite likely to follow Buba cut.
To: Monsignor Mark Swaby National Director A.P.F.
Don't trust your bone to another man's dog.
After some physiotherapy I hope to be fit to play next week in Telford.
No handling or currency conversion charges
No man is greater than his prayer life.
HK democrats face pressure to compromise with China.
RTRS-FORECAST-Pasminco profit seen surging.
No need to seek shelter for an old ox.
Floats like a butterfly, stinks like a
Michelle Shocked begins a national tour on November 16.
A surge of silent tenderness surrounded the name of India, as nowhere else.
Welcome is the best cheer.
Indian Shipping -- Bombay/Kandla cargoes - Aug 24.
CBOT, CME oppose CFTC rule on trading errors.
The east-facing Chrysolakkos colonnade probably had the same ritual significance.
You can't make horn of a pig's tail.
They may join the Institute of Mathematics and its Applications as Licentiates.
Professor of Classics, Boston University, from 1986.
Carmarthen District Council funds Tourist Information Centres at the following locations:
But I have seldom got very close to these quick, nervous birds.
FIRS maintains 1996/97 French beet yield estimate.
Reported by JOHN SPENCER ESQ., Barrister
U.S. FDA OK's Ares-Serono AIDS-wasting drug.
Norstan Q1 bookings rise to record.
Olympic Financial stock jumps on news of possible buyer.
Where there no fools, there would be no wise men.
Banks cheap in depressed Thai market - analysts.
The tail is always the hardest part to flay.
There was never a slut, but had a slit, there was never a daw but had twa.
The handsomest flower is not the sweetest.
Two barrels of tears will not heal a bruise.
Nile Delta proves fertile ground for natgas - Amoco.
RTRS-Queensland coal miners get return to proposal.
RTRS - BHP Petroleum says can meet demand.
Russell tended to support the latter view.
Would you like a bag luv?
A curse will not strike out an eye, unless the fist go with it.
We don't have any real grievances against the African students.
Thanks to Pamela Crooks of Hertfordshire, who also sent us a Valentine's card.
Neither the missionary nor the message is wanted.
It contains little edible figures from Nintendo games.
Mr Young started knitting 10 years ago.
NZ labour cost index rises 1.9 pct in June year.
Dutch closing share market report.
Pakistan key economic indicators.
RTRS-PRESS DIGEST - Australian Sports News - Aug 21.
The tiger that has once tasted blood is never sated with the taste of it.
He had need rise early who would please everybody.
If you see no reason for giving thanks, the fault lies in yourself.
HK-Transpacific air cargo rates set to rise 20 pct.
A servant and a cock must be kept but one year.
Taiwan Food Bureau to tender 15,470 tonnes wheat.
I've made my mind up and that's the way it's gonna be!
Bahrain 91-day treasury bill rate down at 5.53pct.
SOCCER-SUMMARIES OF GERMAN FIRST DIVISION MATCHES.
8,000 candidates in doubt in Bosnia.
Limping justice ne'er will fail To hunt out the longest trail.
It is important to frame this disquiet in the correct context.
Fortune is like women: loves youth and is fickle.
In the future, the culture factor should be more dominant in the debate.
Tokyo naphtha up a touch reflecting crude rise.
PRESS DIGEST - BRITISH BUSINESS PRESS - AUGUST 26.
Mrs Cross wept as she condemned her husband's killers.
But remember there are people out there who want to hurt you.
That's the breakthrough to realize you have a right and no longer feel guilty.
They attend a funeral robed in white, and a wedding in mourning.
Illness tells us what we are.
Cable modem start-up (At)Home signs content deals.
I cannot think, remarked Russell, Why laziness should have had such a bad press.
Lie, returned Oswin promptly, and do it with conviction.
It was the cavalry and the knightly host which had taken the beating.
You offered to give her some help with her career, too.
Though I say it that should not.
Within them vertical and horizontal linkages may be established.
Pan American wins tentative U.S. approval to fly.
A rainy morn oft brings a pleasant day.
Mexico stocks end lower ahead of T-bill auction.
There are, and the shop sells them in the summer.
Bidding war for Chateau Properties escalates.
Its role could at best be a backward-looking one, symbolic and historical.
The flitch hangs never so high but a dog will look out for the bone.
The big thing at Comdex this year was multimedia.
CompuServe's woes reflect industry shifts.
Only the reasonably educated kept diaries or wrote letters to each other.
If you want to make God laugh, tell him your plans.
A lazy youth, a lousy age.
Imasco to sell First Federal Savings and Loan.
Mobil hires Shell finance official.
Like father, like son.
If Saint Paul's day be fair and clear, it will betide a happy year.
Bees do not become hornets.
Kevin Power has less luck with the gauchely conceived part of the boilerman.
At the end the Gloria is chanted.
Argentine Central Bank reserves detailed.
Pepys never expresses surprise or resentment.
We hired bicycles and rode along the rutted road to the reserve.
PRESS DIGEST - ZIMBABWE - AUGUST 23.
1 June however saw the departure of 7/JG 26 for North Africa.
More important, perhaps, the crisis was resolved by negotiations and discussions between national governments.
PRESS DIGEST - Pakistan newspapers - Aug 20.
The gardener had not yet dug out the radish, when the beggar held the alms-bowl in front of him.
Marketing efforts should therefore be directed at one or two such potential key customers.
NWE gasoline steady, U.S. arbitrage closed.
Czech stats bureau sees higher 1996 sugar harvest.
Better sit idle than work for nothing.
Clinton signs law raising minimum wage to $5.15.
Mississippi jobless rate drops to 6.3 pct in July.
In addition, there is also a number of areas where further work is required:
Hungary forint closes steady against dollar.
The devil is civil when he is flattered.
APPLE GETS BRAND NAME IN BRAZIL
Sumitomo meeting did not discuss copper losses.
The prosperity of a country is in accordance with its treatment of the aged.
Portugual CPI weights to change, add hypermarkets.
Be ashamed to find yourself idle.
Small profits are often, are better than large profits and seldom.
A spaniel, a wife, and a walnut tree, The more you beat 'em the better they be.
The good die first: And those, whose hearts are dry as summer dust, Burn to the socket.
Jot your entries on a postcard please, addressed to
Pilger was disgusted by what he saw as a load of hand-wringing, indecisive amateurs.
Success in business requires a knowledge of human nature and an acceptable personality.
RTRS-Australian bonds reined back, budget beckons.
Water, smoke, and a vicious woman, drive men out of the house.
Can we do one of them?
INSTANT VIEW - Japan June leading indicators.
PRESS DIGEST - Switzerland - August 27.
PRESS DIGEST - SOUTH AFRICA - AUG 26.
BALANCE - Anchorage, Alaska, at $10,000.
Canon Aptex - 1996 parent forecast.
THE EAST Somerset Railway will hold its annual Jazz Night on August 1st .
He who hunts two hares from one bush, is not likely to catch either.
An honest man's word is his bond.
Lloyd's agency updates syndicate recommendations.
All we can say is, it's about time!
The business of obtaining and retaining nurses is dealt with in part I.
He glanced up at the spy-hole and grinned.
Moody's assigns Ba2 ratings to Suntory and units.
Both products are available from chemists and department stores.
Elsewhere, as Wallace recorded, they dig their pits in the hot sand.
I being satisfied, the world is satisfied.
Belgian shares seen consolidating after dip.
France reports mixed bids for EU wheat, barley.
Lloyd's says 75pct of members accept recovery plan.
SHORT BREAKS From other companies in our Group
An elephant does not catch mice.
In marriage cheat who can.
ASSIDOMAN SAYS H1 BOOSTED BY CAP GAINS.
Draff is good enough for swine.
FOCUS - Positions harden in Saxon subsidy struggle.
In prosperity no altars smoke.
Sun chief Scott McNealy says COSE is a verb not a noun.
NOKIA ADS ENDS AT $41 (FIM 185.53).
But they were up against history and another well-backed Jackpot candidate went down.
RTRS-Macmahon forecasts A$23.8 mln profit.
Unaccustomed to wear them, he displays the breeches he has on to every one he meets.
But then, it is hardly necessary.
Who knows not the game, let him not play.
Let every sheep hang by it own foot.
A man is a king in his own house.
It took her a moment to establish her balance.
Sugar freight market quiet, Santos queue eases.
A good life defers wrinkles.
Durham, N.C., advances $86.3 million GO referendum.
Worse () 12 am or 12 pm.
Borrowed garments never fit well.
What the lion cannot, the fox can.
An enemy does not sleep.
Dream of a funeral and you hear of a marriage.
buy fresh rather than processed foods
T &amp; N half year shr falls, div held.
T.O. Ogasawara - 95/96 group results.
In July 1991 he was transferred to 9 avril Prison in Tunis.
Brazil real ends off 0.06 pct in calm trading.
He that by the plough would thrive, Himself must either hold or drive.
Shocked is coming to terms with her loss her own way.
Please complete, detach and return this coupon today.
They also drive around trying to market it.
Sino Land says discussing securitisation.
Let sleeping dogs together with sleeping princes and duchesses lie, say I!
Skill or fortune will efface the spots.
Yugo c-bank could keep discount rate steady.
SIJOITUS FORESTIA H1 PROFIT RISES.
Hijacked Sudan plane lands at a London airport.
EU concerned about civilian population in Chechnya.
In 1890 a chance arose for united action but even here divisions remained.
The sooty oven mocks the black chimney.
Iraqi oil delegation coming to UN in New York.
All teams will be scored in the normal way for these awards.
Please send your remittance (payable to CAMRA Limited) with this application form to:
I could not see the heap; it was hidden by brambles nowadays.
ANIMAL HEALTH Any pet will incur veterinary bills.
Daily Mail buys 40 pct stake in study group.
Money is round, and rolls.
and they've got no alternative, otherwise we're gonna get walked all over.
The falcon does not struggle when he is caught.
It is a no good hen, that cackles in your house and lays in another's.
I'm the one that's going to get hurt.
It was a pleasant and, for many of those present, a very convivial lunch.
Taiwan dollar ends slightly up, stable trend seen.
Apple Computer Inc wants to be perfectly clear.
Fortune is a woman; if you neglect her to-day, expect not to regain her to-morrow.
Her most recent urine was saved for him to inspect.
Little beard, little modesty.
Scitex Corp senior executive leaves.
RTRS-PRESS DIGEST - Australian Sports News - Aug 28.
But he was on a hiding to nothing really.
There was no evidence from Mr. Brant or as to his attitude.
Roy F. Weston gets U.S. Army contract.
The eyeless ant asked God: Give me eye-lashes.
Canada union to strike GM, if target or not.
FEATURE - High IQ society celebrates 50th anniversary.
The son of an ass brays twice a day.
UK money market forecasts 800 mln stg shortage.
And I never doubted we would.
Tokki -95/96 parent results.
He heed have plenty of meal who would stop every man's mouth.
A blind person who sees is better than a seeing person who is blind.
What I see with my eyes I can guess with my fingers.
StorageTek sells system to Swedish patent officepa.
Malaysia shrugs off sanctions talk over Iran deal.
I suppose we should shuffle along as well.
Peace is the well from which the stream of joy runs.
Hilton's statement for Bally buy said effective.
If you care for the court, the court will bring cares for you.
Lucas's Epic: Electronic diesel engine management system for commercial vehicles
Azle, Texas, GO issue at 5.82 pct yield in 2025.
When the head acheth, all the body is the worse.
A whistling woman and a crowing hen are neither fit for God nor men.
The penny is well spent that saves a groat.
Polish airline LOT cargo trade up 22.7 pct May y/y.
Moslems return to deserted village in Serb land.
RTRS-FORECAST-Burns Philp braces for fall.
He who has got four and spends five, has no occasion for a purse.
The nave pillars were of green marble.
The landlord had, in my judgment, to accept the consequences of that.
There's many a good cock come out of a tattered bag.
Don't judge any man until you have walked two moons in his moccasins.
Tell nothing to thy friend which why enemy may not know.
Pakistan Telecom up 3.22 percent.
RTRS-Moody's confirms NZ Electricity ratings.
All tastes are tastes.
And Harrison even labelled the Fab Four a waste of time.
A man can die just once.
It is a hard morsel that chokes.
As the tree is known by its fruit, so is the wicked man by his deeds.
Tit for tat.
PRESS DIGEST - Kenya - Aug 26.
They could see no foot-marks and no droppings.
The forest can't be without its jackals.
Limited discretionary compensation for loss or damage.
Ecuador's crude rises to $19.02 per barrel.
Islamists can meet in London, minister.
(Utility charges, but usually excluding telephone costs, are generally paid.)
MOVES TO LICENSE NEW US RADIO FREQUENCIES
You can't teach an old dog new tricks.
To cut into another's man's ear is like cutting into a felt hat.
In practice the two payments are netted off.
Seldom comes a better.
April weather, woman's love, rose-leaves, dice, and card-luck, change every moment.
but, but I think that we'll get into that stage in Britain
The propriety of this depends on how inclusively or exclusively magisterium is being used.
Fair, good, rich, and wise, is a woman four stories high.
Croatia, Yugoslavia set to sign recognition deal.
Envy is its own torturer.
Things look different from the outside.
Informix CFO to resign at year end.
Content is the philosopher's stone, that turns all it touches into gold.
They agree on something and smile.
Terry Hands's direction whips all this along at a fast pace.
Without a dishwasher where do two years of your life go?
Internatio-Mueller sees clearly higher H2.
Do not allow the sheep to die for a halfpenny of tar.
Who could ask for a better weapon than that?
Police say he sold one particular dog at least nine times!
As Moran solemnly replaced his beads in the purse Michael complained again.
1986, p. 82) that the attitudes of some field and residential workers would suggest.
A multi-racial country might work but a multi-cultural one does not.
Honourable words by the bushel!
Least said, soonest mended.
What if something were to happen to Carmen?
Mother Teresa battles for her life.
Every flood has it ebb.
Rest is good after the work is done.
It is the second tier of visual cortex that specializes.
He has been refused one review already.
It appears that Big Blue does not lead the market.
ZIMBABWE FIRES STRIKERS, ARRESTS LEADERS.
Atrix International Inc Q4 June 30 net off.
He who prates much, lies much.
He that serves everybody is paid by nobody.
Better bairds greet than bearded men.
Offer not the right hand of friendship to every one.
Medtronic sees FY97 EPS near $2.27 a share.
I don't know what I would have done without her, he added.
I thought that it would always be,
Earnings per share were 3 pence.
Love without return is like a question without an answer.
and cross t's and dot i's!
I find the magazine very interesting and am very proud to be a member.
The pain of the little finger is felt by the whole body.
THE POTATO IN A VEGETARIAN DIET
RTRS-Oil Search says Moran-1X oil-bearing.
UPS France to re-organise as losses soar.
THEATRE / The Astronomer's Garden, Royal Court, SW1.
Caution is the parent of delicate beer-glasses.
Every man goes down to his death bearing in his hands only that which he has given away.
Can a mouse fall in love with a cat?
However, clinically significant improvements were often limited to just one spouse in the couple.
You know, like the cavalry in one of the old Westerns.
His preferred currency is the dollar.
King Industrial -1996 parent forecast.
He waved a fork at her.
Midwestern U.S. spot power steady on mild weather.
U.S. coffee imports - Commerce.
Eating and drinking Shouldn't keep us from thinking.
EDS wins Natl Institute of Health contract.
PRESS DIGEST - Croatia - Aug 26.
Meat and mass never hindered man.
The greater the fool, the greater his insolence.
Who ventures nothing has no luck.
In the circumstances, such an undertaking would be superfluous.
Window boxes need clearing of summer bedding.
U.S. Justice Dept hacker reveals Internet flaws.
First Midwest Financial Inc sets payout.
Karstadt H1 sales down slightly.
Desperate diseases must have desperate remedies.
What is the worst possible thing that could happen?
Vice makes virtue shines.
For whan degrees fiftene were ascended,
For the first time she felt the stirrings of something like power.
Optimus to sell Philips monitors.
From smooth water God preserve me, from rough I will preserve myself.
Painted pictures are dead speakers.
Dr Collins, who is based in Melbourne, succeeds David Millikan.
FOB Gulf Grain - Soy remains firm, corn, wheat flat.
Providential aid at a critical moment.
Every man carries an enemy in his own bosom.
Brazil July 21-Aug 10 IGP-M index at 0.24 pct.
Venezuela foreign reserves fall to $11.9 bln.
BALANCE-Lufkin, Angelina County, Texas at $920,000.
The laughter, the tears, and the song of a woman are equally deceptive.
Yeltsin to return to Moscow Wednesday -Interfax.
Social care is being provided by a variety of different agencies.
Just before the First World War over 90 per cent of households rented privately.
Hardy winter-flowering Crocus tomasinianus multiplies naturally
Civility costs nothing.
Totoku Electric -96/97 group forecast.
We will fly that hawk when his pinions are grown.
Lebed arrives in Chechnya &quot;with peace&quot;.
A good swimmer is not safe against drowning.
Wheat available to Bulgaria under GSM-102 --USDA.
Works out about the same 7
The work tests the workman.
Credit is better than ready money.
UN and European Community action to help the world's poor must become more effective.
I left Scotland at the end of 1968.
Czech SPT falls back to earth, pulls PSE with it.
United Fire &amp; Casualty Co sets payout.
Meg, you had the first word you can have the
Terrifying are the weaknesses of power.
August J. Busch Jr, brewer, died St Louis 29 September aged 90.
Table of Greek mutual fund flows, assets.
Anyway NCR, is doing an awful lot with NT.
There never was a banquet so sumptuous but some one dined ill at it.
A good husband is healthy and absent.
Shanghai copper futures end down in slow trading.
Costello-wages only risk for Australian inflation.
EIA Weekly Report - Year-To-Date U.S. Oil Demand.
RTRS-Australian companies ex-dividend today.
The day your horse dies and your money's lost, your relatives change to strangers.
Take care of the pence and the pounds will take care of themselves.
And that will be the end of it?
One cannot, he says, discriminate more or less.
Fukuda -6mth parent results.
The church is an anvil which has worn out many hammers.
SOCCER-ENGLISH LEAGUE RESULTS/STANDINGS.
Delaware approves General Re merger.
Liam Gallagher pulls out of Oasis's U.S. tour.
China plans computer link to boost fighting capability.
And Freud can again provide a useful starting point.
Threats without power are like powder without ball.
The Weekend Guardian might be just another memory.
What have you the chance to know about other than your work?
Dairy Crest starts at 38p premium to offer.
His wife escaped with her life and was treated for shock.
No one can blow and swallow at the same time.
Minister's staff set to test rules.
PRESALE-Rush City School District No 139, Minn.
As to the juror or the witness, bribe both.
He is as good a Catholic as Duke Alva's dog; who ate flesh in Lent.
See the exquisite entries to all our competitions.
Presumably this influences relative salary structures further down the hierarchy as well.
Do not scare the birds you are going to shoot.
Melanie went back to bed and pulled the covers over her head.
Intersport merges with Camaro, Zentrasport.
OMV unconcerned by U.S. Libya sanctions.
It's as though you put together Coriolanus, Henry IV, Hamlet and the Tempest.
Larry Tesler, head of Apple Computer Inc's Newton line is keynoting.
When need is greatest, help is nearest.
Democrats see chance of retaking Congress majority.
We hear you've been selling Victor carthorses.
McDonald's uses some common ingredients to enhance the natural texture of food.
What does not poison, fattens.
Adrift in a sea of virtual reality?
U.S. soymeal weekly export sales highlights--USDA.
Private poll says Argentine unemployment 12 pct.
Outstanding is Lucian Freud's Naked Girl Asleep I, an oil on canvas measuring 61x61cm.
I've still got the video of it.
The selling of book tie-ins in video outlets cannot be far behind.
'Tis not for everyone to catch a salmon.
CBOT rice ends lower on export worries, crop yield.
Sprint enters Internet provider arena.
RTRS-Options steal the SFE wheat futures scene.
There are state agencies to help you, you must apply to them.
Iran, Iraq health ministers hold talks in Baghdad.
This definitive version was to be used in all churches throughout the realm.
SOCCER-FIORENTINA WIN WITH BATISTUTA DOUBLE.
Men hired by Argentine nurse cut off lover's penis.
Love is lawless.
A still sow eats up all the draff.
Empty the clear path to heaven, crowded the dark road to hell.
A blind horse goes straightforward.
Diana and Mary wrote back with delighted congratulations, but St John did not reply.
The first defendant is the principal beneficiary under the 18 April document.
In this way she lived to be a hundred years old, more or less.
Please don't take me away from Arthur now we have been so happy.
No viper so little but hath its venom.
It is a sair dung bairn that dare not greet.
the have to know how tough it is out there and to be realistic.
A huckster who cannot pass off mouse-turd for pepper, has not learned his trade.
Trick against trick.
Defries grinned, winced, and put a hand to her chest.
1978 Fender Jazz, excellent condition, original ticket/ash trays, swap for Chapman Stick.
Natgas futures move mostly lower late, cash slips.
Hazar was an Arabian stallion, and an incessant puller.
Alpine group ups Multi-Market Radio stake.
Bacchus hath drowned more men than Neptune.
It is better to be a coward for a minute than dead the rest of your life.
A good bargain is a pick-purse.
PRESS DIGEST - Albania - Aug 23.
Clondalkin half-yr pre-tax profit up 13 pct.
Finally, all these complications interact with a complex environment.
FORECAST - Dutch Q2 GDP seen bringing strong rise.
Honda raises 96/97 parent, group operating f'casts.
Manila share index ends 2.45 pct up at 3,187.78.
Bonn warns consumers to avoid British mutton.
He who is of the craft can discourse about it.
Note K. Visitors to Northern Ireland
The older Motor Impaired group at Mabel Prichard School.
Of idleness comes no goodness.
YOU KNOW THEY'RE BAD FOR YOU, BUT
Where honour grows a span, folly grows an ell.
In 1950 the likely future evolution of Japan was open to diverse interpretation.
Intel is also accelerating development of more powerful processors.
It can only subvert the young.
Bring a cow to the hall and she'll run to the byre.
Volume of trade at Senegal's port falls.
PRESS DIGEST - Morocco - Aug 25.
It is not the surplice that makes parson or clerk.
RUGBY LEAGUE-EUROPEAN SUPER LEAGUE RESULTS/STANDINGS.
Argentina placed $382 mln in repos.
Loving comes by looking.
How Midnight felt, she didn't know.
Kansas feedlot cattle market thin at $68 - USDA.
Joseph returned in June, the following year, with Indian Inspector James McLaughlin.
Some of Gary's fabulous creations above.
The offer depends upon its debt being restructured successfully.
Alaia tops, Paul Smith suits, extravagant spectacles: the designers are an instantly recognisable breed.
a BTEC National Certificate or Diploma.
NEC TO CUT 1M-BIT MEMORY PRODUCTION
But there is no guarantee that he would have succeeded.
F.O. LICHT - Daily coffee report.
Group sells stake in Excal Enterprises.
Aon group to take over German group - sources.
Grease a churl's boots and he'll say you are burning them.
Every ten years one man has need of another.
French police move in on African hunger strikers.
We are not disposed to study much after heavy meals.
The bailiff's cow and another's cow are two different cows.
He who swells in prosperity will shrink in adversity.
Search more expensive, but worth it 8
You often meet your fate on the road you take to avoid it.
Sometimes it is the stress alone which distinguishes between otherwise identical words refuse/refuse: discount/discount.
MUSIC / Twisted tales: La Finta Giardiniera Grand Theatre, Leeds
Brazil gov't coffee auction to total 20,023 bags.
Phew, it looks like being a scorching summer.
There is no law but has a hole in it, for those who can find it out.
A woman's in pain, a woman's in woe, a woman is ill, when she likes to be so.
RESEARCH ALERT - Multibras still a buy.
They received an average cash payment of 12,468.
Zenchiku -96/97 group forecast.
The forest will answer you in the way you call to it.
Have an eye to the main chance.
Yes, replied Anne, her face red.
Reported by Mrs. Gurinder Gosal, Barrister
It takes a thief to catch a thief.
Filipino Fund plans NASDAQ listing.
The answer is, I think, none.
A leap year is never a good sheep year.
Her father worked hard, for example, but was not a worker.
It isn't a lot, Vi sympathized.
Turkey, Israel complete new defence agreement.
If the glacier perceives a headless army is clumsy, it feels a sort of emphatic guilt, I dare say.
When God pleases, it rains with every wind.
Next year, our region will be hosting the Winter Olympics.
Yet now he had no editorial powers at all.
That's on B B C one.
The man of sense does not hang up his knowledge.
The payments would be made without admission of fault or liability.
It will run on an AViiON 4300 file server and Unix-capable PCs.
Dressed like a windmill.
Are we going to be friends now?
He pays dear for honey who licks it off thorns.
A clown enriched knows neither relation nor friend.
Few among them could have known what the job entailed.
Nigeria's SCOA half year profits fall.
ML Direct changes IPO terms, underwriter.
Why, through the middle of your house! was the reply.
SOCCER-KEEGAN DESPAIRS AS MONEY FAILS TO BUY RESULTS.
Jakarta call money falls to 13.0/14.0 percent.
GIBSON Les Paul Classic for Warwick, Wal, Goodfellow bass plus cash, or sell 895.
Improving their lot is, in our view, far more important.
Better walk unshackled in a green meadow, than be bound to a thorn-brush.
Nigeria's SCOA half-year profits lower.
CBOT overnight Project A ag volume 578 contracts.
SOCCER-BEBETO JEERED AS FLAMENGO LOSE AT HOME.
When do you check in your car? he asked.
In old houses many mice, in old furs many lice.
Quarrels enhance the pleasures of love.
Don't go selling the hide while the bear remains in the hole.
erm and now see if you can make sense of it.
Bitter pills may have wholesome effects.
FROM CASH FOR AN OPTICAL CHECK UP
NIINISTO REPEATS ERM LIKELY EMU CRITERION - PAPER.
Is the sound of an Oki printer.
Andre got up and went to the door.
The other assistant is Tita Aguirre.
A melon and a woman are hard to know.
If I went to sea I should find it dry.
We have been referred to those authorities.
Argentina promises probe into union shoot-out.
Snuff at a wake is fine if there's nobody sneezing over the snuff box.
Avarice increases with wealth.
Three or four daily will bring you to the bottom of the sack.
I wouldn't want to compromise your position.
In January and February 1820 an extraordinary situation developed.
She closed her eyes tightly, praying to her God to take pity on them.
EMERGENCY WEATHER CONDITIONS - WSC - 21-AUG.
If this ball does not stick to the wall it will at least leave a mark.
Nothing so bad but it finds its master.
This is not what the revolution was for.
Hands group with Spina Bifida children
A vicious dog must be tied short.
However, on 27th January the Camp was compulsorily evacuated by the Iraqi officials.
But ideas and structures don t come from nowhere, and nor does strength.
If it sounds right, it is right!
Bellmawr, N.J., won by Summit Discount Brokerage.
To have no wants, is money.
Uganda sees bumper coffee crop in 1996/97.
The Mystery of the Locked Room continued and then just went away.
RESEARCH ALERT-Metal Leve downgraded.
GM German unit sets up China auto office.
But behind these statistics lie a million stories of worry and financial hardship.
Falsehood, like a nettle, stings those who meddle with it.
Like them London Transport sold them to Cohens for scrap on 9 May 1934.
UK firms capital expenditure fell 4.0% in Q2.
A straight stick is crooked in the water.
Being forced to uproot from a place one loves and has made one's own.
When the stomach is full the heart is glad.
Once upon a time, there was a boy called Nigel Charles Hughes.
Reported by Robert Rajaratnam Esq., Barrister
Do not make yourself so big, you are not so small.
FINLAND BANK AUG DAILY LIQUIDITY NEED FIM 3.82 BLN.
Gold is proved in the fire, friendship in need.
Mere words do not feed the friars.
Indonesia late rubber flat after U.S. sale news.
When they sell their pubs, Virani will buy at knockdown prices.
Solicitors: J. M. Somerton, Cambridge; County Solicitor; Official Solicitor.
This compares with a deficit of 1.5 billion a year ago.
Sparrows who emulate peacocks are likely to break a thigh.
Merrill Lynch Europe posts 70.9 mln stg H1 profit.
We know what we have, but not what we shall get.
It would be a very big book that contained all the maybes uttered in a day.
Blind is the bookless man.
Brazil rate trim reflects trade, fiscal worries.
LDC DEBT SLIPS SLIGHTLY IN DULL TRADE AHEAD OF FED.
One's own spurs and another's horse make the miles short.
The best spices are in small bags.
Too many irons in the fire.
Empire to redeem series 3, 4 pfd shares.
Unilever detergent ad sparks 'racist' charge.
ARA bunkers forced up by barge market plays.
The sluggard will not plough by reason of the cold; therefore shall he beg in harvest, and have nothing.
He was a lovable, eccentric man.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
He recognised the drawling, somewhat condescending voice or Bella Kropotkin.
And decide how they might best
Tylan considers sale of company.
Councils receive a special community care grant for the mentally ill.
A sceptre is one thing, a ladle another.
By beating love decays.
Changes in nursing management and in the nursing hierarchy.
Bring up a raven, and he will peck out your eyes.
Romania sugar industry hit by multiple woes.
Salomon starts bank loan group.
RF Industries Ltd Q3 shr rises.
These criticisms are echoed in a number of other studies.
It's good dancing on another man's floor.
Home Federal Bancorp sets payout.
KHD revises 1995 result to 1.1 bln dm loss.
If he noticed Flavia's ring on my finger, he said nothing.
Old sins cast long shadows.
The best was used for basket and rope-making.
There must of course be no consequential loss of quality.
POLISH WHOLESALE WHEAT, BARLEY PRICES FALL.
But how do we not give up?
People show their character by what they laugh at.
RESEARCH ALERT - Lamar started as &quot;buy&quot;.
There goes more than one ass to market.
Everything goes to him who does not want it.
It's not the fault of the pig, but of the one who scratches his back.
FAG Kugelfischer H1 net profit up 7.1pct.
It's a cosmetic painted on life by rich people to conceal its ugliness.
It is estimated at 2030,000 (3655,000).
If you listen at a hole, you will hear ill of yourself as well as others.
In the forehead and the eye The lecture of the mind doth lie.
TENNIS-RESULTS AT TOSHIBA CLASSIC.
BASEBALL-MAJOR LEAGUE STANDINGS AFTER TUESDAY'S GAMES.
Every one in his own house, and God in all men's.
US spot natgas down about 50 cts from Aug indices.
Other lessons were drawn by the opposition.
HK weather-Standby signal number one hoisted.
UK gilts this week - Auction may help shaky market.
Shanghai B shares end down on correction.
You must judge a maiden at the kneading trough, and not in a dance.
Hunger and thirst scarcely kill any, But gluttony and drink kill a great many.
She personified the sun's heat and was also a protector of the dead.
I like my food, and she's the best I've come across.
A fine girl and a tattered gown always find something to hook the them.
A snow year, a rich year.
Negotiations start with Sudan airliner hijackers.
Microsoft seen closing in on Netscape.
Tender surgeons make foul wounds.
Holly says SEC won't act against subsidiary.
Alternatively, the policy may be terminated and any surrender value taken.
Russia exports gasoline to Europe in August-trade.
Scales tip against Jenny Craig on drug fears.
Even a hare will insult a dead lion.
Who neither believes heaven or hell, the devil heartily wishes him well.
Cleveland, Ohio, parking repriced, restructured.
If you want to just measure the angle and use the tan.
If being well bearded brings happiness. a he-goat must be happier than any of us.
He who gives to the public, gives to no one.
Good talk saves the food.
Trust not to God but upon good security.
Are there any circumstances when your answer would have been Yes?
German Hesse Aug CPI -0.1 pct, +1.2 pct yr/yr.
HIGH TECH SECTOR SITS ON THE FENCE
I worked a lot with AIDS and I felt this would be good.
Wine is given to bring mirth not drunkenness.
India overseas country funds rates - Aug 20.
Standard Management seeks strategic advice.
Dutch rail privatisation speeds ahead of politics.
ING sees Q2 growth rate continuing in H2.
The rhetoric of the rallies had a kind of doom about them.
Where there's a will there's a way.
You go down there on Tuesday because you can park.
Siemens takes stake in internet specialist.
There's a superb FLYER sweatshirt for the winner among the best entries sent in.
In dock, out nettle.
Having achieved your purpose, seek not to undo what has been done.
If it only depends on swearing, the cow is ours.
Thousands rush to beat Spain immigration deadline.
Conseco upgraded to buy by Dean Witter.
He now has a way of displaying it as a real space-filling 3-D image.
Argentina choses UBS to advise it on airports sale.
He who gives to the poor, lends to the Lord.
Favourable prospects for closer BA-AA cargo links.
He has a good estate, but that the right owner keeps it from him.
Water is the strongest drink; it drives mills.
He was not alone in feeling this way.
Pour the sauce over the vegetables and stir until it has thickened.
A word from the mouth, a stone from the hand.
PRESS DIGEST - Macedonia - Aug 22.
U.S. mortgage-backeds continue to slip on Monday.
The greatest talkers are always the least doers.
There appears to be a break where+ but + is used.
Happy he who can take warning from the mishaps of others.
Had he invaded his very mind?
The scene is Troy immediately after its fall.
IMF to discuss Russia loan program on Wednesday.
Spreads on 10-year U.S. swaps could move out.
Probably he was so successful in this field because he himself was an artist.
Lithuanian energy minister defends oil merger plan.
If you don't want to cut your mag, a photocopy will be fine.
Do you think she'll approve of me?
Beware of a man's shadow and a bee's sting.
It is a punishing job, and Charles is no easy man to work for.
Indonesia Bank Panin says H1 net rises.
God keep me from my friends, from my enemies I will keep myself.
World Co - 96/97 parent forecast.
GOVERNMENT LIST.
Shoemakers are always the worst shod.
Mrs Brenda Hart and pupils celebrate
One man uses his tongue, another his teeth.
A new net won't catch an old bird.
Several farmers and horse breeders appeared on the TV programme.
East Anglia: Rather cloudy, mainly dry, some sunny intervals.
RTRS-Home market underpins Foster's profit.
From a thorn comes a rose, and from a rose comes a thorn.
He who cannot bear misfortune is truly unfortunate.
This latter then circulates the fixed nitrogen to the rest of the plant.
She was previously Secretary for the Media Committee of the Netherlands Missionary Council.
Mrs May Toms Leighton Buzzard, Beds
Security is nowhere safe.
We're open until 5.30 at night and on Saturday mornings.
They want continuity of policy, not capricious or arbitrary decisions.
It is no time to stoop when the head is off.
It is too late to grieve when the chance is past.
Sloth is the mother of poverty.
It is best to play with equals.
EU urges test ban treaty draft to meet timetable.
When a miser dies, the heirs feel as happy as when they kill a pig.
Good healthy food cost less at SAINSBURY'S
French teachers lead autumn challenge to Juppe.
Krupp says Caterpillar to buy unit.
RESEARCH ALERT - Movado initiated as buy.
Treachery will eventually betray itself; though wary enough at first.
(Opposite above) Given a new lease of life.
Patience, patience, patience, exhorted Arafat this week.
He's utterly convinced that he's being exiled to St Helen's, poor devil
Banco de Mexico reserves, assets fall.
US growth to slow in 2nd half 96 - Phil Fed survey.
Mr. Hassan's letter included the sentence:
Reasonable people can differ.
If the book is still obtainable, read on from there
The Sparcbook 2 is priced at 9,125.
The insured had made a claim against the insurers.
The devil finds work for idle hands to do.
How great the sufferings we endure.
There is no thief without a receiver.
Take the bull by the horns.
Once you've seen it, you'll want to share it with everyone in your organisation.
So smothers in blood and burning
Have you just come in from school.
Estonian Savings Bank quotes other Baltic stocks.
SOCCER-GERMAN FIRST DIVISION RESULTS.
The campaign offers a free, confidential business performance check for owner-managed businesses.
Sickness is felt, but health not at all.
Quiet Danish shares rebound, more gains in store.
Los Angeles County appoints chief administrator.
It has renamed the stuff DB.h++ and will continue reseller relationships with Computer.
and also knowing what's available and you know how things work
The more *s, the higher quality standard.
The Jew ruins himself with passovers, the Moor with wedding feasts, and the Christian with lawsuits.
A totally different note is struck by J.F.Herring's painting inspired by Byron's Mazeppa.
STATE HOLDING COMPANY TO CONTRIBUTE TO SGS THOMSON
They will be multi-purpose machines serving the communications, applications and database specific markets.
Which part of your life would you recycle into another life?
O'Neill tried to argue that this was not the case and lost.
Under his prone body the roof felt hot.
RTRS-Australia tax reform still on agenda - Costello.
Anderson Cty SD 1, S.C., won by Sterne Agee &amp; Leach. [CORRECTED 17:35 GMT]
For the reasons already expressed, these appeals are dismissed.
Perestroika , even if it is creaking, is our only hope for the future.
IBM HAS SHIPPED 2M COPIES OF OS/2 2.0
Polish shares rebound, seen down on Thursday.
China says invests 200 bln yuan/year on houses.
Then, last year, their planned purchase of Nottingham racecourse fell through.
HSBC, CITIC close at all-time highs.
Act so in the valley, that you need not fear those who stand on the hill.
Europe Online logs off for good after talks fail.
The bee, from her industry in the summer, eats honey all the winter.
The next dawn we had a better look.
It is not easy to walk upon the devil's ice.
BOE gives UK money market help at set rates.
RTRS-Nuclear test ban talks fizzle out.
LME slow, copper lifted by covering by close.
Nevertheless, only about one in five had experience of handicapped or difficult children.
If you would resemble the vulture, look out for a carcase. [Wait for dead men's shoes.]
Revolutions are not made with rose water.
Michigan sues tobacco firms for $14 billion.
Mellon to acquire First United Leasing. [CORRECTED]
I'm sorry, though, I ran away.
Palestinians accuse PA of banning books.
Though you seat the frog on a golden stool, he'll soon jump off again into the pool.
I've heard of a pub crawl but a hospital crawl?
One should go invited to a friend in good fortune, and uninvited in misfortune.
One "take this" is worth more than two "you shall have."
A defeated wrestler is not tired of wrestling.
If anything stay, let work stay.
Delphis Hanover weekly municipal bond yields.
Netanyahu to meet Arafat within two weeks - radio.
It is a companion to SayIt which builds voice-activated macros .
The thought of spending another five years in training to achieve that goal does.
She had never before seen or felt such vitality.
Silence is the voice of complicity.
In vain the net is spread in the sight of the bird.
He is not so much of a devil as he is black.
He that is thrown would still wrestle.
Glickman says USDA monitoring aflatoxin in Texas.
But the tenth commandment is different from all the rest.
There's a lively accent on finance; but don't be too extravagant.
God grant you good fortune, my son, for knowledge avails you little.
Those that dislike cats will be carried to the cemetery in the rain.
Do it well that thou mayest not do it twice.
RTRS-Howard sees budget surplus 98/99, 99/00.
Lonrho boss intervenes in Ward case
INDIAN HEADLINE STOCKS - factors to watch - Aug 20.
Only fools are glad when governments change.
The politics of poverty and health
The same hammer that breaks the glass forges the steel.
S.Korea 3-yr yields end higher on drying liquidity.
Analysts offer mixed advice to Brit Gas.
Polish-Russian business conference next week.
A European Leisure spokesman said: He is a very enterprising lad.
The higher the monkey goes the more he shows his tail.
That man's recorded everything that was said in this room.
Billy Dee is among the dozens of athletes who train at Brache Estate
S&amp;P ups Merita Bank unsecured l-term to BBB plus.
ALL HELIBOR INTEREST RATES FELL AT FIX.
Spectra: + 1 303 449 7759.
In fact, country auctions are often the nearest many villages get to live theatre.
Three blasts hit Corsica villa, public buildings.
And restrictions on yardage in use of elastic also applied.
With protective, all-enveloping aluminium-foil undergarments even this would be possible.
Thai PM proposes Sept 18 for no-confidence debate.
Boundary disputing is more than demeaning; it is also expensive.
Health Update: Zinc deficiency in pregnancy
No matter how hard you throw a dead fish in the water, it still won't swim.
KTK Telecom plans 1.05-for-1 share split.
That was the nice thing about it, a straightforward love story.
In fact, she soon found herself out of a job.
Nuke test ban talks fizzle out, pact to New York.
Taiwan industry rebound fuels hopes for recovery.
Trust not your gossip to a priest who has been a friar.
Russia Aug tax revenues meeting IMF goals-ministry.
PCM Precast to issue 16.8 mln shares.
Even a tin knocker will shine on a dirty floor.
It is too late to cover the well when the child is drowned.
Hard is a new law imposed on old licence.
Against the dollar it lost 1.9 cents to finish at 1.5585.
Ask in your Public Library or School Library for books about ants.
RTRS-Australian bonds hold tight range post-tender.
I worry about you sometimes Emma!
A recently refurbished Victorian gentlemans residence.
It's a way of getting it out of your system.
TEN CATE MULLS SALE OF LOSS-MAKING DENIM.
The Adastral Hotel Westbourne Villas Hove Sussex
You can't swim, can you? he said to the Knave.
One door never shuts but another opens.
Every innovation startles us more by its novelty than it benefits us by its utility.
Keep your chin up.
The questionnaire is included as an appendix to the report (Jowell and Witherspoon 1985).
Corporate America taking new view on compensation.
You're little more than a girl.
And another question from your doctor.
Advisers are not the payers.
To find oneself in tight breeches. (Ill at ease--we say in tight boots.)
New Dutch bond raises NLG 2.3 bln in two days.
RTRS-Coles says it will not break up group.
OKI ELECTRIC TO CLOSE PARTS OF PLANTS IN TOKYO
Its sides are white with encrustations of salt.
Speak little of your ill luck, and boast not of your good luck.
Men leap over where the hedge is lowest.
All for one and one for all.
The subsequent rally in New York came too late to help London shares.
Indonesia criticises report on F-16 sale hitch.
The Caledonian Hotel's famous jazz centre bar.
Well, my dear, said Uncle Alfred when the last guest had gone.
Caltex Philippines to invest $500 mln over 5 years.
PRESS DIGEST - Portugal -- Aug 27.
The pitcher goes so often to the well that it is broken at last.
Not that his cleverness was always recognized.
Malaysia says China palm oil import quota approved.
Never speak in a hurry.
Fingers were made before forks.
He that cannot obey cannot command.
With him was a friend dressed exactly the same.
UN veteran Erskine Childers dies of heart attack.
Yet the same characteristics can be found in both.
In fact, they've all crimped and shaved to get where they are today!
FOCUS - KHD loss widens, says future secure.
Turkish shares shed gains in profit-taking.
Liars should have good memories.
Every man must carry his own sack to the mill.
He wants me to be his Minder again.
I was surprised spectators hadn't been given the opportunity to assess their merits.
TURKEY INVITES RE-BIDS ON CELLULAR SYSTEM
The reward of silence is certain.
The French, though, have retained far more of their apple orchards.
He that despises the little is not worthy of the great.
New Pan Am expects debut after Labor Day.
He that talks much of his happiness summons grief.
Asia Pacific at 6-3/8 in New York.
Fund-raising was one of Keith Elliott's talents.
He that will thrive must first ask his wife.
The obscure we see eventually. The completely apparent takes longer.
There was something wrong with them, said Dinah.
In this way, he sought to carry even further Barth's own attack on religion.
Details of all non-confidential data can be obtained from the GSNI.
Mouth and heart are wide apart.
BALANCE - Seminole County, Fla., at $7.1 mln.
Bristol-Myers, Sano in BuSpar pact.
He who throws himself under the bench will be left to lie there.
Sabena sees unchanged ex-Germany cargo rate.
Over the last few issues we've been focusing on minor scales and their application.
Never is a long day.
One major vehicle is the weather.
It is wit to pick a lock and steal a horse, but wisdom to let them alone.
The house roof fights the rain, but he who is sheltered ignores it.
It will maintain its presence in the US.
He advertised for staff, and eight former colleagues joined him.
He looked sharply at Corbett, his tired, clever eyes searching the English clerk's face.
It's me that's the only one who can make you happy, Trist.
Pets can be a tremendous tie.
John Vass, 43, of Feverills Road, Clacton, had denied a charge of theft.
An old wolf is used to be shouted at.
DUTCH SHELL CUTS GASOLINE PRICES BY ONE CENT.
One may better steal a horse than another look over the hedge.
What has not been, may be.
But no civilised state can be bound by the whims of the people.
In spite of the risks, the challenge for hackers remains.
Malaysia's Saeaga Airlines to buy 10 planes - paper.
I'm sure she can't do justice to your designs.
Russians, Chechens restart military deal.
He is a fool and ever shall, Who writes his name upon a wall.
The Bowery looked ominous but I wasn't afraid.
Do , the doctor I have now is very good and very sympathetic!
He who has a mate has a master.
Brazil sets dlr buy tender in commercial market.
Nothing is lost on a journey by stopping to pray or to feed your horse.
Daimler, AT&amp;T to bid for German phone licence - report.
What is their.expertise, experience, business experience;
Like a collier's sack, bad without and worse within.
He who has been first a novice and then an abbot, knows what the boys do behind the altar.
For the FT-SE 100 the relationship between volume and maturity appeared negative, as expected.
These items have an approximate total value of 800.
The letter of Mr. Hassan suggests something less than a fully recognised status.
A 50-year-old grandmother wrote to Santa: I'm a sick lady with cancer.
The interpretation of these results is as follows.
RTRS-APEC energy meeting to eye private sector.
Going beyond is as bad as falling short.
NYMEX COB electric futures jump, Sept PV cuts loss.
It is not with saying, "Honey," "Honey," that sweetness will come into the mouth.
Police capture Auckland gunman.
Ruetgers H1 pretax profit 62.5 mln dmk.
In choosing a wife and buying a sword we ought not to trust another.
Henna patterns were made on her hands.
The person who has no opinion will seldom be wrong.
Some are frightened and realise the transition could be traumatic.
No doubt the team spirit was enhanced.
You would spy faults if your eyes were out.
And I felt happy, and I spoke to her of love.
Eat the wind and swallow bitterness.
SOCCER-DUTCH FIRST DIVISION RESULTS/STANDINGS.
John she said in a whisper.
Branch (a) of certified question answered in affirmative and branch (b) in negative.
What is got by begging is dearly bought.
What a man suffers is the punishment of his tongue.
Children should be seen and not heard.
Some individuals take to shiftworking with no problems while others find the regime intolerable.
There he or she examines the record or publishing company's accounts.
The best of the Goddamn best.
Fine feathers make fine birds.
Mackay is urged to clarify view on rights of audience
Habitat, especially if different from mainland.
For an honest man half his wits are enough; the whole is too little for a knave.
Do chattering monkeys mimic men, Or we, turned apes, out-monkey them?
Hongkong Bank on alert after bomb threat.
The Attorney General's office said: They will be answered by the appropriate minister.
Be a lion at home and a fox abroad.
Who does not venture gets neither horse nor mule, and who ventures too much lose horse and mule.
An old knave is no babe.
Danish government sees 1996 inflation at 2.0 pct.
One must step back to make the better leap.
INDIA GOVERNMENT SECURITIES - Aug 20.
We will not achieve this without institutional changes.
ALBANIA'S LEFT FINALLY LAYS MARX TO REST.
By the time the fool has learned the game, the players have dispersed.
He who buys the broom can also buy the handle.
Grozny people flee, rebel-Russian showdown looms.
Russian non-CIS H1 aluminium exports rise 31 pct.
Warehouse to start selling AEG appliances.
Forgiven is not forgotten.
The same chart was used over a period of 4 weeks.
One ill weed mars a whole pot of pottage.
For a good appetite there is no hard bread.
Bidding war seen starting for Lloyds soon.
Indian castor prices fall on low export demand.
China helps Pakistan build missile plant - report.
A bad workman never finds a good tool.
A fly cannot enter a closed mouth.
RUGBY LEAGUE-AUSTRALIAN RUGBY LEAGUE RESULTS/STANDINGS.
IBM CHOOSE FLORIDA FOR ANNUAL MEETING VENUE
Hot sup, hot swallow.
The lion is known by the scratch of his claws.
Hunger is felt by a slave and hunger is felt by a king.
SCANA Corp sets qtly $0.3675/shr.
Take care of your pennies and your pounds will take care of your heirs and barristers.
When your horse in on the brink of a precipice, it is too late to pull the reins.
In borrowing an angel, in repaying a devil.
Every peddler praises his own needles.
Blues Night at Vale Centre, Cornholme, with ROGER SUTCLIFFE, ROXBURGH WOLFE.
Out of a dog's mouth will never come ivory tusks.
He that doth lend doth lose his friend.
China finds natural gas field in Xinjiang.
Strike curb in essential services is postponed
Turn your tongue seven times before speaking.
Electricians could not pinpoint a cause.
The Spanish royals revealed their clash over bullfighting in interviews with Selina Scott.
One has to match the two and use active and passive immunisation when necessary.
We join in prayers for peace with kin beyond sea.
Space -1996 parent forecast.
RAKS Elektronik first half revs rise.
Of all tame beasts I hate sluts.
Singapore shares open firmer on speculative stocks.
We pay when old for the excesses of youth.
Faith in a lord, a cap for the fool.
FORECAST -- U.S. economic indicators -- Aug 19 wk.
I haven't been back to the island.
Full Intercity rail services are available, with London a mere 3&frac12; hours away.
How straight the crematorium driveway lies!
Building firm goes 112m into the red
Your army may be led by Grom the Paunch of Misty Mountain.
C3 includes a graphical development environment, a graphical browser, a compiler and interactive debugger.
Every ant has its ire.
16 die as bus crashes in Pakistani Kashmir.
Raisio jumps on dairy cattle feed finding.
Asian crudes weaker, more Minas deals said done.
Calman's attempt to intimidate the smaller boy ended in failure.
The course of true love never did run smooth.
It is not for me, he repeated, to believe in anything.
Believing in God's goodness is easy when we are moored in calm water.
You'll have to watch the next series.
U.S. jobless claims rose in latest week.
Orii - 96/97 group forecast.
CLAIMS BASED UPON HUMAN RIGHTS AND HUMANITARIAN PRINCIPLES
Light is light, though the blind man see it not.
One who is false to her first oath will be false to her second.
The cold war's end has altered this.
U.S. customs permitted to visit HK factories.
It's not the gay coat that makes the gentleman.
The soft, smooth bodies of young boys are rendered in both pediments.
The letter to Mr. Purkayastha is less clear.
Iguazu Falls, 2,470 metres wide, on the borders of Argentina, Brazil and Paraguay.
This, one might say, is the lyric core, the flashpoint of the imagination.
Pro Farmer pegs U.S. corn production at 8.2 bln bu.
The first dish pleases every one.
lot of water which is going to come out as steam.
U.S. fed cattle numbers seen low but placements up.
He will be based in Vienna, Austria.
Tunis bourse closes slightly down.
CIBC, Air Canada launch VISA card.
There is nothing so well done but may be mended.
New Yorkers, it seems, are a bit soft when it comes to roof-down motoring.
In the Short Break package children sharing accommodation free.
Success is by no means guaranteed at auction, says Graham Harrison.
Sbarro Inc sets qtly $0.23/shr.
Easy to enroll a thousand soldiers. But, ah, one general!.
The gardener's dog neither eats greens not lets any one else eat them.
So they put their thoughts in their pockets and kept the magic to themselves.
Roosters' tail feathers: pretty but always behind.
Great Lakes Chemical authorizes share buy.
He that is kinder than he was wont hath a design upon thee.
One mad action is not enough to prove a man mad.
Use your enemy's hand to catch a snake.
She was bound to come to see him sooner or later.
A gentle-hearted wild young girl I once loved.
Watch for Cbus 2 at Fall Comdex.
Toronto indices closing - Aug 26.
The report is provided on a form headed Woolwich Building Society: Structural Survey.
Better once in heaven than ten times at the gate.
Agapanthus in pots (far right) was a Jekyll speciality.
They had no machinery for making ends meet.
He who pays well is master of another man's purse.
Blue Fish Clothing Q2 shr $0.02 vs $0.01.
They are not all friends who laugh with you.
Phelps presents final offer to Chino miners.
I kill the boars, but another eats the flesh.
The whole ocean is made up of single drops.
U.S Treasuries seen faltering if jobs jump 300,000.
Fair words make fool fain.
In calm water every ship has a good captain.
You behave yourself, and we'll feed and clothe you.
Many have too much, but none have enough.
Better be convinced by words than by blows.
Pangea Goldfields up on Peru results.
Where two women rule a hearth-fire, the thatch may burn with the sparks flying.
What is another's always sighs for its master.
Sanderson Farms Q3 net loss vs profit.
Two women and a goose make a market.
The three Islands Authorities have been controlled by Independents since their formation in 1975.
Give way to him with whom you contend; by doing so you will gain the victory.
RTRS-PRESS DIGEST - Australian Sports News - Aug 22.
A primitive, such as Gaudier-Brzeska emulated, such as the peasant-Virgin would have recognised.
What the sober man keeps in his heart, is on the tongue of the drunkard.
As in Jacob's dream of old the movement is from earth to heaven.
Istanbul gold volume hits record high on demand.
Old churches have dark windows.
Driving like his is helping the growth of off-road riding.
The rat which has but one hole is soon caught.
She knew him, and he recognised her; they had both heard the silence.
Well yes, from the neck up. ?
Do you feel you can control command the hydra now, yourself?
No man is a match for a woman till he is married.
I come from where Minch came from.
A word processor, but I can't use it.
No choice is ever wholly unregretted, each brings more joy and more sorrow than we can foresee.
RUGBY LEAGUE - EDWARDS EXTENDS CONTRACT BY A YEAR.
Saying is one thing and doing another.
Then he turned up playing for Real Madrid.
Wellman Inc sets qtly $0.08/shr.
Greater pressure on staff time significantly reduces our capacity.
They will then issue instructions as to any future action you should take.
West Harris County, Texas, MUD #2 Baa - Moody's.
Danish bond prices rise after European rate cuts.
This one is called Casting Off.
UAE interested in F-16, Rafale for $6 billion deal.
Peralvillo justice: hang a man first and try him afterwards.
INSTRUCTION TO YOUR BANK TO PAY DIRECT DEBITS
Machines and men have moved in.
We might be reading this morning's dreary inconclusive state of play over secondary picketing.
The classification of additives by E number is made under an EC directive.
From the old ox the young one learns to plough.
VNU posts higher interim profit despite TV losses.
To provide lectures and articles on communication issues.
There was no doubt about it.
Bodyguard of slain Mexico politician gets new job.
PRESS DIGEST - New Zealand newspapers - Aug 22.
A lovelorn cook oversalts the porridge.
One fool makes many.
As water runs towards the sword money towards the rich man's hand.
Probably the most difficult problem in administering a contract is a contractor's claim.
There is no eel so small but it hopes to become a whale.
Better ask twice than lose your way once.
Smoke, stench, and a troublesome wife are what drive men from home.
You cannot hook trout? Try digging clams.
What is the goal of that journey?
It is a good horse that never stumbles, And a good wife that never grumbles.
mutely we shall look into each other's eyes
Taiwan Q2 current account surplus at US$1.869 bln.
IBM TO BUY STAKE IN GENEX
CRICKET-DOWNPOUR HALTS FLOW OF PAKISTAN RUNS.
It has a plan to do just that.
Chechens, Russians team up in surreal atmosphere.
Haste does not result in prosperity.
When the sun shines on thee, thou needest not care for the moon.
INTEL SCIENTIFIC PLANS TO INFILTRATE UNIVERSITIES
People who chase the sun beach holidays and there's a lust for a tan.
*Pakistan key economic indicators.
Jersey City, N.J., $135 mln GOs priced - Merrill.
FPC restores full power at Crystal River 3.
Solicitors: William Sturges Co.; Clifford Chance.
A hundred men can make an encampment, but it requires a woman to make a home.
RUGBY UNION-NEW ZEALAND BATTLE THROUGH THE DELUGE TO 31-0 WIN.
ALL LINES FROM ATLANTA ARE BUSY
Malaysian palm oil surges on China import news.
The used section enters the cleaning head while clean linen comes up from beneath.
A woman strong in flounces is weak in the head.
Cohesant says cannot predict Q3, Q4 impact.
It also had an FxVision module for X Windows-based systems management.
If you do not have patience you cannot make beer.
German shares open bourse steady after rate cut.
Be a custom good or bad, a peasant will have it continue in force.
Let's hope he consults Lincoln University and they send him to me.
Fly through the air, little mouse! cried the Magician.
OME props ought to carry a warning.
The first drink with water, the second without water, the third like water.
SOCCER-ITALIAN CUP SECOND ROUND RESULTS.
Such awkward things will happen as going into the great square and coming back without ears.
Murphy Oil sees $17.7 mln gain from sale.
Medicine cures the man who is fated not to die.
But her wider life was anything but solitary.
Both the Luxembourg Presidency and the Dutch Presidency propose one rather than two treaties.
RESEARCH ALERT - Georgia-Pacific Corp cut.
Sicily is the only other island to stage World Cup matches.
If only I were a bird! Ah, but eating caterpillars?
New trappings to an old mule.
You simply freeze with the shock of the new.
Mara Jos was born in Madrid, Spain, and studied Spanish Law at Madrid University.
Greater qualities are needed to bear good fortune than bad.
Seer Technologies names Wilson president.
PRESS DIGEST - Top Japan business news - Aug 21.
RTRS-Research seen key to Australia sugar growth.
Take up references before giving credit, lending money, letting in tenants, taking on staff.
Negotiations with CitiCorp to sell the unit for 108.8m have foundered.
His laconic comment was Nearly got that one, while the petrified Kington giggled nervously.
Chop wood, carry water.
It was easy getting up there.
US spot resid prices steady to down, demand fades.
Kuwait wants baby milk analysis for phthalates.
An evil gain is equal to a loss.
From the boat we get to the ship.
That was exactly what I wanted to happen!
Send a man of sense on the embassy, and you need not instruct him.
It takes a good many mice to kill a cat.
Both times he drove the spawn of Naggaroth off but always they return.
LDC debts seesaw in narrow ranges, ignore Fed.
He who dresses ion others' clothes will be undressed on the highway.
Venezuela sets T-bill offering Thursday.
German state of Baden-Wuerttemberg details Aug CPI.
White meal is not got out of a coal-sack.
Dongsung confirms Kun Young takeover.
Total, excluding tuition and equipment, 1,600.
It has the great asset of open access and staff/patient relationships are excellent.
Theragenics cites positive TheraSeed study.
A foul morn may turn to a fair day.
We keep an eye on the scorpion and the serpent, but we do not watch out for the millipede.
Meilin to list B shares, interim net up.
How is Lutheranism doing in Berlin, or Episcopalianism in Detroit, or Anglicanism in London?
Ill weeds grow the fastest and last the longest.
She must ask her what she got out of it.
There belongs more than whistling to going to plough.
The pitcher goes so often to the well, that it leaves its handle or its mouth.
It's a routine operation now, he said.
The gardener's dog, neither full nor hungry.
No sauce like appetite.
Egypt says Syria ready to resume talks with Israel.
Seoul announces major stock market reforms.
SBC, US Telco seek to dismiss complaint.
Kellwood Co declares dividend.
It is a poor roast that gives no dripping.
Ladies and under 16s will paddle a 19km course from Hexham.
So many heads, so many minds.
PRESS DIGEST - Brazil - Aug 23.
So wherever Truth finds expression, there we have religion.
RESEARCH ALERT - Acesita neutral rating maintained.
Orange Cove Irrig., Calif., $22 mln final pricing.
He has his finger in every pie.
Rather a bit correctly than much incorrectly.
for a particular purpose in their daily activities
PRESS DIGEST - Spain - Aug 26.
He that has lost his credit is dead to the world.
RESEARCH ALERT - Case, Deere raised.
Rainfall is minimal and the land is infertile, marked by erosion and extreme dryness.
Praise the child, and you make love to the mother.
Life is not a continuum of pleasant choices, but of inevitable problems that call for strength, determination, and hard work.
When two agree in their desire, One sparke will set them both on fire.
The virtue of silence is a great piece of knowledge.
Fortunate is he whom the dangers of others have rendered cautious.
caused by the build-up of tartar on the teeth.
But what stylistic value shall we attach to the metricality of prose?
Opportunism is the mark of the successful politician .
The first blow is half the battle.
More recent experience is reviewed in Stammers (1983).
Other times, other manners. [Fr., Autre temps, autre moeurs.]
No more teachers, no more books, no more teacher's dirty looks.
Michigan sues tobacco firms for $14 billion.
Between 1974 and 1978 institutions spent 5 billion buying from overstretched companies.
Enough shovels of earth make a mountain, enough pails of water a river.
Like Euripides she believed the sea could cure the ills of man.
Every priestling conceals a popeling.
They marry under bad auspices who marry in the month of May.
Boarding houses and hotels have declined in number.
Who would win, must learn to bear.
Palm Beach Cty Parks, Fla., $25 mln A1 - Moody's.
There are answering machines to help you avoid missing important phone calls.
At the election Labour in Greater London quadrupled its members to sixteen.
What's of no use is too dear at a gift.
UK, France says no to EC reference of missile deal.
Hong Kong stocks end weak on renewed rate worries.
The plume was six miles wide, 155 miles long and nearly 23,000 feet high.
if you don't have two months, you can't do it
's in Wales, or by contacting:
Sembawang Corp H1 net down 42.2 pct.
A Scottish mist will wet an Englishman to the skin.
Tempest in a teapot.
But Tokyo dipped 3.4% and the world index finished 1.2% lower.
Other times, other manners.
The early bird catches the worm.
Manila Central Bank defends forex policy in Senate.
Hunger finds no fault with the cookery.
Issues regarding infection control, and in particular the transmission of HIV and hepatitis.
One brass indicator 4 diameter face.
AFTER THE BELL-Novell shrs make modest rise.
Wounds pain most when grown cool.
SOCCER-ISRAEL COACH NAMES SQUAD TO FACE BULGARIA.
The issue was one of fact.
Waiting for a rabbit to hit upon a tree and be killed in order to catch it.
Burundi rules out foreign military intervention.
The envious man's face grows lean and his eye swells.
It is hoped that appropriate qualifiers were attached to the data.
Lloyd's reorganization plan hangs in balance.
Spraying crops and burning stubble also provoke outcries from nearby residents.
You asked if I was happy.
Donovan told the jury that he was not and never had been a homosexual.
Worthless is the advice of fools.
ANC TO HOLD SUMMIT ON S.AFRICAN CRIME WAVE.
The only sour note was the electrified fence that marked the forbidden border zone.
Confessed faults are half mended.
War appears pleasant to those who have never experienced it.
The anvil is used to noise.
Japan has had to settle for second best.
Singapore government securities end narrowly mixed.
Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?
US SUPREME COURT REFUSES TO HEAR NINTENDO ARGUMENT
Some of his cures were certified by the newly formed Royal Society of Medicine.
Old age is honourable.
Ciba, Sandoz H1 due on Aug 28.
Would appreciate any leads as to the availability of these aircraft.
Poor folks are fain of little.
European banks remove liens on Bezeq.
First Financial holder withdraws proposal.
In dull car market, rental firms boom in Shanghai.
Trading sluggish at Estonian bourse.
He would not give the devil a knife to cut his throat.
Lovers think others are blind.
If a rich man ate a snake, they would say it was because of his wisdom.
When the character of a man is not clear to you, look at his friends.
Toronto Sun buyout to create debt burden.
Science reveals the secrets of God.
APEC common stand on infotech still far off.
I've pursued him down the disappearing paths of my own psyche.
That was when I first saw the ruins.
Israeli dies at sea off Britain despite son's SOS.
PCA Corp -6mth parent forecast.
Kind words don't wear out the tongue.
NOTICE OF SALE--Kern Community College Dist, Calif.
PRESS DIGEST - Tunisia - Aug 21.
The beneficiaries are overwhelmingly large landlords and industrial capital.
A dog in a kennel barks at his fleas; a dog hunting does not notice them.
S.Korea's Kim orders 12 pct rise in defence budget.
One good turn deserves another.
NYSE Unavailables.
Brazil buys dlrs at 1.014 in commercial tender.
He who recovers but the tail of his cow does not lose all.
There were several reasons for this.
Australia might take nuclear test ban to New York.
Better a ruined than a lost land.
Army troops arrive in California to fight fires.
Pakistan passes on palm oil tender - traders.
Welcome, misfortune, if you come alone.
It is difficult to get many heads under one hat.
Radio telescope observatory in Argentina.
He who loves me loves my dog too.
When might such a file be preferred to an inverted file for multiple-key processing?
Reported by IAN SAXTON ESQ., Barrister
RTRS-Gutnick's Astro to raise A$7 mln.
Daewoo chairman to appeal jail sentence.
A buffeting threatened is never well given.
All's well that ends well.
He who has once burnt his mouth always blows his soup.
The Nabokov-Wilson Letters 1940-1971, edited by Simon Karlinsky (Weidenfeld Nicolson, 1979)
U.S. Spring/White Wheat - Spring bids flat to lower.
Reported by Nigel J. Mason Esq., Barrister
Keep within compass and you may be sure, That you will not suffer what others endure.
Coffee retention indicator price 100.53 - Aug 23.
CREATIVE TECHNOLOGY COMPLETES E-MU SYSTEMS ACQUISITION
Jealousy is a pain which eagerly seeks what causes pain.
We must have reasons for speech but we need none for silence.
You need a tonic but that doesn't necessarily mean visiting the doctor!
Central U.S. carlot beef trade 1500 CDT - USDA.
Fry the chapati when the pan is hot.
Love makes the world go round.
The most reactionary government this century is merely a mild form of left-wing rhetoric.
Letson was appointed CBE in 1944 and CB in 1946.
Right, and what's he going to do there?
One penny in the pot (money-box) makes more noise than when it is full.
Turkey pins energy hopes on Iranian gas, nuclear.
Egypt tenders to sell up to 11 fuel oil cargoes.
One does not like hot, the other does not like cold; make it tepid to make an agreement.
PRESS DIGEST - CENTRAL/EAST EUROPE - AUG 26.
German building sector urges new minimum wage deal.
Jelmoli H1 sales slip 2.8 percent.
Where the dike (or dam) is lowest the water first runs over.
Knavery may serve a turn, but honesty never fails.
Keith, 42, and Anne lived at Springfield, Chelmsford.
FORECAST -- U.S. economic indicators -- Aug 26 wk.
I'm turning in to face myself, and face myself, and face myself.
Ellen said nothing to encourage him.
Appointed judge in the court in Berlin, 1988.
When misfortune comes in at the door, love flies out of the window.
On these three topics the various works are all agreed apart from minor variations.
American Classic to sell New Orleans hotel.
The Times London, 19th September 1838
Rugby union-England given until end of next week to change mind.
Seeing is believing.
BIG FIVE WORK ON DIGITAL EUROPEAN CORDLESS STANDARD
Dollar weaker on uncertainty over Japan.
Give advice; if people don't listen, let adversity teach them.
Information on these chairs may be obtained from:
Watch out for smaller compact cameras.
Amanda tried to scream, but no sound came from her parched throat.
Hearsay is half lies.
Depression, as an illness is not normal any more than having an ulcer
BALANCE - Seminole County, Fla., at $6.96 million.
No joy with annoy.
`Uo `ia i ka manai ho`okahi. Strung like flowers on the same lei needle. Married.
There is no pot so ugly but finds its cover.
Kenny, Anthony, A Stylometric Study of the New Testament, Oxford, 1987.
Domicile is distinct from nationality or residence.
From confessors, doctors, and lawyers, do not conceal the truth of your case.
The mind is the emperor of the body.
GETTING the Government's message across is all very well.
IOMEGA TO DISTRIBUTE NOMAI CARTRIDGE DISKS
When a fool has made up his mind the market has gone by.
He who stands high is seen from afar.
It was a concession and all that I needed.
South Pacific mutiny claims 12 lives, police say.
If not, how can you change it?
Soon learnt, soon forgotten.
Morrison Knudsen reorganization plan.
Better be an old man's darling than a young man's warling.
Chevron makes $0.32/barrel in Venezuela.
During these years the diagnosis had been corrected in 13 patients.
He has a ton of knowledge, but the bottom is out.
A cough assists a musician when he hesitates.
Chrysler suppliers make Brazil commitments.
Nurse, you are mistress whilst the child sucks, and after that nothing.
Mother, marry me, marry me, or the gull will fly away with me.
SEABASS is in plentiful supply around the islands in late summer.
* Sri Lanka key economic indicators.
Ewen's air was still jaunty, but the syllable came tightly.
It is not the fine, but the coarse and ill-spun that breaks.
Wright, the 27-year-old opening bat, is playing grade cricket in Australia.
It's a good sign when children like animals and are playful with them.
I'm on your doorstep this afternoon.
Diamond cuts diamond.
ATT TO SUPPLY TELEWAY WITH INTELLIGENT NETWORK SOFTWARE
Marcus Theatres expands theater network.
Black guys say it's a monetary thing, but I don't think its strictly money.
Copy of a pen drawing by Paul Klee (1917).
IMI -6mth parent results.
I'm mi I'm not gonna stay here
NZ First takes stand on super surtax bill.
At every dog's bark seem not to awake.
She followed the direction of his eyes and saw the bloodied sheet.
Variety thought it impact numbing and stunning, and Hoffman did an excellent job.
Few managed to escape, and the fate of the rest may be imagined.
Better a dinner of herbs than a stalled ox where hate is.
This year it is anticipated that more requests than every will be made.
Consistently fine and determined music policy.
TENNIS-RESULTS AT TOSHIBA CLASSIC.
Duke S.C. nuke seen reduced to mid-week.
Right so next Sunday is the ten thirty mass for everybody.
Such a convergence would at least involve the surrounding software.
Most cases have never been investigated and extrajudicial killings have continued with impunity.
On the third occasion a caution must be given.
Hell is crowded with ungrateful wretches.
Have you gotta stay SATS now?
He has also been named a director of the UK parent.
Is that all? said Mr Hellibore with a laugh.
H&amp;R move allays CompuServe dilution fears.
RTRS-News Corp full year net profit slips.
Do not fret for news, it will grow old and you will know it.
It felt like the underside of his coffin-lid.
Old muck-hills will bloom.
Go to your rich friend's house when invited; to your poor friend's without invitation.
Daedalus sees this as the basis of a splendid new pictorial technology.
WCE canola ends off lows on crushers, commercials.
The Hiatt's brochure contains no reference to leg cuffs.
A fair-weather friend changes with the wind.
After stuffing pears within, drink old wine until they swim.
Sharp rise seen in CD bootlegs.
He who has not tasted bitter, knows not what sweet is.
WESTONE Rail bass, good condition, with soft cover.
Wolf Creek says Kansas nuke back by Wed.
The lift leading down to the diving area was only twenty feet away.
Put on the Rimmel mascara next, said Angel sarcastically.
She nodded sagely when I told her of my decision.
Superconductor Tech files stock offer.
Innocence plays in the backyard of ignorance.
Anyone who teases you loves you.
He who spits above himself will have it fall on his face.
Dutch June manufacturing output up 4.7 pct yr/yr.
We have always stood for service.
On the other side, along Viale Gorizia, there is a morning market.
Man is like a banana: when he leaves the bunch, he gets skinned.
BORLAND AND WORDPERFECT FINE TUNE MARKETING
It is easier to build two hearths than always to keep fire on one.
Some suggested that the whole estate and house ought to be taken over.
A single stroke don't fell the oak.
GM trims plan to close dealerships - report.
Kabul plans to open northern highway.
An alternative is to consider the use of a service flat.
The mouse has but one hole is soon caught.
(The process can also be observed in a marriage.)
Paper is patient.
By 1882 St Cuthbert's had become a separate parish and in 1885 Fr.
He does not live in this world that can skin a grindstone.
You can't force anyone to love you or lend you money.
The pitcher doth not go so often to the well, but it comes home broken at last.
If one won't another will.
It is not part of the cause of action.
Kaufring first half sales rise.
A dog without teeth will also attack a bone.
Franklin County, Ky., schools single-A by Moody's.
Wales has stolen a march on England.
You will spot these in many parts of the country.
Who does all he may never does well.
TNP files for 1.75 million shares.
Fastest and best way to build muscles and strength without weights EVER!
Malaysia unfazed by sanctions talk over Iran deal.
He who builds according to every man's advise will have a crooked house.
Positions harden in Saxon subsidy struggle.
It is the sauce that makes the fish edible.
Joined administration of justice branch in British Zone of occupied Germany, 1945.
There is nothing so bad but may be of some use.
Dwell not upon thy weariness, thy strength shall be according to the measure of thy desire.
He that is a master must serve.
United Illuminating Co sets payout. [CORRECTED 22:20 GMT]
KB International adds $50 mln to Sept 2000 bond.
Romania wants good '97 wheat crop, hopes to export.
As for the Normandy campaign, I wouldn't have missed it for the world.
write to your local supermarket expressing your desire to buy local unadulterated food
RESEARCH ALERT-Tsubakimoto rated.
Counsel is as welcome to him as a shoulder of mutton to a sick horse.
Hence the level-of-analysis problem also troubles a hermeneutic approach.
Others, even during the 1950s, adopted a more optimistic note.
All human activity seems so petty.
Is it morally permissible to enforce morality as such?
He who gives alms to the poor faces heaven.
CRICKET-MUSHTAQ OFFERS GLIMMER OF HOPE FOR PAKISTAN.
Fuck off and die, you fat creep, I yelled back.
And I mean to say, who would want to live in your gallery?
He ploughs the land of others, and leaves his own untilled.
They have labels like wine bottles.
SKODA GIVES $1.3 MLN CABLE DEAL TO POLISH FIRM.
Surely this is the one area of art activity where artfulness need not apply.
Think well of all men.
To-morrow come never.
Swiss BAK revises down '96 GDP forecast to 0.4 pct.
DEC spinoff includes other software - source.
Amsterdam-Rotterdam-Antwerp stock levels dip.
falcon-headed deity combining aspects of Re and Horus.
Nothing to be got without pains but poverty.
Forint eases vs dlr, BCE mark futures most traded.
The area has been thoroughly searched.
It incorporates some knowledge, to wit the algorithm itself, but no more.
There is no use in saying, I will not go such a way, nor drink of such a water.
Now it seems that the goodwill that once existed has been largely destroyed.
To re-appoint the Auditors and to authorise the Directors to fix their remuneration.
I am teaching myself watercolour painting from books.
Scales tip against Jenny Craig on drug fears.
Yet too often its lawlessness feels like an empty romp.
And we must remember that bridges are built from both sides.
He who has many irons in the fire, will let some of them burn.
At an auction keep your mouth shut.
Japan trust banks may need outside support - Moody's.
TAIWAN'S TELECOMMS INDUSTRY OBJECT TO FOREIGN BIDS ONLY CLAUSE
Palestinian jailed in Waxman kidnapping case.
Where there is equality there never can be perfect love.
A knowledge of the casualty's background medical history also helps.
"Peter, I am taking a ride," said the goose, when the fox was running into the wood with her.
It's Europe's latest network, so drivers are never far from a fill-up.
Lake's injury gives Simpkin a quarter-final place.
Challenge your preconceptions, or they will challenge you.
Forster's Room with a View .
He who is born to be hanged shall never be drowned.
Both Bream and O'Leary, aged 21, will be sentenced today by Mr Justice Judge.
Parents can give everything but common sense.
FOR EVERY TALENTLESS BASTARD OTHER THAN ME
But even I know the Highway Code
Elkem H1 operating result per division.
Not that that would bother Constantinos.
Priests and women never forget.
She sipped some beer and went back to her book.
The slow horse reaches the mill.
Striking Zimbabwe civil servants challenge sacking.
Beware of "Had I but known."
A pound of care will not pay an ounce of debt.
Microsoft says solves Explorer problems.
How can the cat help it if the maid be a fool?
Madrid stocks increase slight gain at close.
Haste and hurry can only bear children with many regrets along the way.
Nell half expected to come face to face with Mahon inside.
You can't love Thetis and Galatea at the same time.
DATRONTECH SHIPS KINGSTON COMMUNICATIONS NEW BOARD
Dole's post-convention &quot;bounce&quot; may not be enough.
SunSoft is selling it for 295 single-user.
Yeah, she sighed, still eyeing him distrustfully, it's real nice.
He that chastiseth one amendeth many.
Sorrow is to the soul what the worm is to wood.
Most provocative of all is how unprovocative are the slogans.
Tokyo naphtha lower on crude, traders sidelined.
Vehicles up to 3 wheels and not over 410 kg unladen.
He still went in and showed his pages.
Indeed, any new policy may be described as having a ripple effect.
Sportmart names top executives.
In my own house I am a king.
I mean some of your letters are there aren't they?
Good blood will never lie.
Brazil exports $3.398 bln so far in August.
Make use of the sun while it shines.
ValuJet wreckage may hold clues to final moments.
It is an absurdity that he should rule others who cannot command himself.
For further information contact: Michael Foley, , .
Women do not drink liquor but it disappears when they are present.
It's currently scheduled for St Paddy's Day.
OPEC basket price stood at $20.00 on Wednesday.
IBCA affirms Italy l-term foreign AA minus rating.
It pays to have friendly neighbours or a large bucket at this stage.
Seoul stocks end nearly flat, consolidation seen.
Painted parrot scam lands Australian in jail.
Enquiries about this scheme should be made from the general office.
Alaska capital set to vote on cruise passenger fee.
The approach described in this article should produce such care.
And brainy boffins have at last discovered the main cause of global warming.
He who has a trade may travel through the world.
A maid oft seen and a gown oft worn, Are disesteemed and held in scorn.
I had a very good social life and made about six really good friends.
Specialities of the house are home-made rolls, chocolate truffles and home-made ice-creams and sorbets.
DATE: Friday 4 October TIME: 0205 SCREENING: RAGE ON ICE (1986)
A penny for your thoughts.
He who spares vice wrongs virtue.
Do not be like a miser who saves for those who will bury him.
It is significant that Mrs Thatcher's cabinet still contains no woman apart from herself.
He knelt on the floor, steadying himself with one hand.
BEFORE THE BELL - Kmart firms, Oracle off.
Marvel names Schreff as president, COO.
Compaq sees halved 1996 European PC sales growth.
A bad bush is better than an open field.
Who makes the wolf his companion should carry a dog under his cloak.
Jordan stock rises for second day in row.
American Greetings to buy Foster Grant.
Every lover is a slave: he follows captive at his mistress's heels.
Whilst the tall maid is stooping, the little one sweeps the house.
BA TAT to discuss second cargo feeder route.
API weekly report on fuel production and stocks.
Then you've got to start again to try and get it.
But the credit-worthiness requirements which they set for new customers are relatively stringent.
A strong religious element also naturally coloured the hostage story.
Let him take the oars who has learned to row.
The mice have taken themselves off.
Miss Universe back in public, quiet on weight issue.
There has also been a drop in the number of cigarette smokers.
Don't shake the tree when the pears fall off themselves.
A blow from a frying-pan blacks, though it may not hurt.
Brennan received 50, a certificate, book and sweatshirt.
He is my friend that succoureth me, not he that pitieth me.
Lime-soda treatment costs vary with the water composition.
I know by my own pot how the others boil.
Age and wedlock tame man and beast.
Marantz Japan - 6mth parent results.
Pretoria gives way over Namibia poll
Apply one coat only, as more than one coat encourages flaking.
If I'm the Avonlea teacher, I can help Marilla much more at home.
Paris ready to review expulsions, protest goes on. [corrected 08:43 gmt]
He is an aristocrat in folio.
A chip on the shoulder indicates wood higher up.
Cheung Kong lists H1 completed projects. [CORRECTED 11:04 GMT]
He's an ill cook that cannot lick his own fingers.
A thorn pierces young skin more quickly than old.
CZECHS SPLIT ON IMPETUS FOR SENATE CHOICES - POLL.
The tours vary from 14 hours.
Good luck makes its way in by elbowing.
I speak of garlic, you reply about onions. [I speak of one thing, you reply what is wholly irrelevant.]
Main Street Q2 shr loss after charge.
Who spends more than he should, shall not have to spend when he would.
One scabbed sheep will mar a whole flock.
They have not always been given appropriate educational and library support.
Quite a claim for a box little more than 1 by 6.
We hear Uniplex is searching for a US president.
Short hose must have long points.
Karen threw her arms round my neck, spilling champagne everywhere.
Airport Systems gets $1.2 mln in contracts.
That which has been eaten out of the pot cannot be put into the dish.
A solution we have adopted at my hospital has been a Diabetic Unit.
To know everything is to know nothing.
RMC rise after German rate cut continues.
FOCUS - AMER SEES LOSS, CEO COMMENTS ON STOCK RISE.
The train arrives three minutes early.
WESTINGHOUSE BEST RESTORED SIGNALLING AWARD for best restored signal box and/or signalling installation, .
A fat kitchen, a lean testament.
sets of Clairol Lock'N roll heated curlers, worth 29.95
Astra is nearing 18,000 miles with little trouble
General Secretary, WACC, 357 Kennington Lane, London SE11 5QY, England.
Science is unlimited in its course; life is short.
I remember, for instance, a conversation about whether to use she in academic writing.
Third time is the charm.
Rouble firms to 3,583 per mark in Moscow.
Early to rise and late to bed, lifts again the debtor's head.
Where was the searchlight battery in Bloxwich then?
RTRS-ERG 1995/96 year net falls 51.6 pct.
Being of the opinion that there is not, I would allow this appeal.
Victor Goblin and Alien Unwind have been swallowed up.
Why did pollution-sensitive lichens survive on affected trees?
China tea officials call for quotas to end chaos.
Clinton approves FDA curbs on teen smoking.
A dog is a dog whatever his colour.
BALANCE - Temple ISD, Texas, at $2.26 million.
Do not judge of the ship from the land.
Port conditions update - Algeria - Lloyds Shipping.
SAVE recommended that the local group draw up their own conservation scheme.
He who blows dust fills his eyes with it.
All inclusive fare 3.00 and 1.50 for children.
This three and half star hotel is great value for money.
Big B Inc Q2 net falls.
Czech CEZ H1 profit down - Czech acct.
Dlr/mark ends flat in US, Buba rate cut hopes fade.
Money, like a queen, gives rank and beauty.
The king goes as far as he can, not so far as he would.
The voice of the people is the voice of God.
Sitting quietly, doing nothing, spring comes, and the grass grows by itself.
It is conceded in this study (Hegarty et al .,
Prosperity discovers vices, and adversity virtue.
A green winter makes a fat churchyard.
Scorning is catching.
All's fish that comes to the net.
Bangladesh tea prices rise on higher demand.
Competitive sales total $96 mln for Aug 22.
Slovak FinMin says cancels weekly T-bill auction.
If youth knew what age would crave, It would both get and save.
He who has bad neighbours is fain to praise himself.
We had so much to say and so little to say.
Polish zloty tracks dlr/mark, depos steady.
Cray will take an equity position in ACSET.
You can happily go on doing this until you reach your target weight.
Haste is from the Devil.
Mauritius rupee strengthened on dollar and pound.
MOVES are afoot to privatise the Russian health service.
I'm making them at Bill Quay Community Farm nearby rather than in my studio.
The evil is lessened when it is seen beforehand.
He was trying to focus on Vern.
He does not think milk-and-water of himself.
That usury is a sin some hold, but take for granted they've no gold.
Hogs purchased for slaughter - USDA.
Threatened folks eat bread.
Allitt inquiry to sit in private
Dress makes the man.
One of the world's best-loved and least successful pirates The Times
Add legs to the snake after you have finished drawing it.
When one is dead, it is for a long while.
Women and wine, game and deceit, Make the wealth small and the wants great.
Every mother's child is handsome.
China troops woo Hong Kong with songs, no spitting.
Applied Power to buy Everest Electronic for $52 mln.
As a result, stories pass them by sometimes even those right under their noses.
When the sack is full, it pricks up its ears.
Southern Natl to acquire Fidelity Financial.
Works have a stronger voice than words.
Lawyers put off Megawati suit talks to Wednesday.
These sentiments are beginning to be echoed by others in similar positions.
Thank you very much really interesting.
Existing intermediate agencies differ considerably, responding to quite different circumstances.
RESEARCH ALERT - Nippon Elec Glass cut.
Where brass makes music Critic's choice Music..
No wonder George Orwell had no respect for sport.
It is a loss of soap to wash the ass's head.
And so the Book you are in.
Slovak police probe Belgian kidnap suspect visits.
New England Electric sets qtly $0.59/shr.
I look forward to meeting lots of ex-HuStu members in April.
The earth covers the errors of the physician.
What people in distress most wish for, they most readily believe.
He could come back later, but tomorrow
Nedlloyd does not see full year 1996 loss.
A wolf's head (on which a price was put). [An outlaw. A Pariah. Fair game for anybody.]
The female of the species is more deadly than the male.
Favour and gifts disturb justice.
Calcutta's mentally ill pray for Mother Teresa. [CORRECTED 22:36 GMT]
CSCE cocoa ends up sharply on late spec rally.
Half of all Cystitis attacks are caused by bacterial infections
Brazil's Petrobras posts 303 mln H1 net.
ONLY TREASURY PAPER TRADES ON BULGARIA EXCHANGE.
Everybody's companion is nobody's friend.
Money managers' US debt allocations steady - survey.
Are the procedures for doing so effective in practice?
R stole a cow and drove it to a distant market for sale.
In practice, legislation has reinforced the pre-existing gender order.
TENNIS-MEDVEDEV BEATS DAMM TO WIN HAMLET CUP.
Meg laughed and settled into the wicker chair to the left of the fireplace.
Calif. Senate panel backs revisions to quake plan.
PRESALE- $5.85 mln Inver Grove Heights, Minn.
Better a lean agreement than a fat sentence.
Medical Records Bill Becomes Law It's About Time!
Music induces more madness in many than wine.
A hook's well lost to catch a salmon.
PRESALE- Bristol, Conn.
Matahari revises down 1996 net target.
Lebed defends Chechnya move before meeting Yeltsin.
A wave of secondary schools will now apply for grant-maintained status.
Ukraine denies Taiwan pilots tested jet fighter.
You might have knocked me down with a feather.
With one hand he scratches you, and with the other he strikes you.
Painters and poets have leave to lie.
INSIGHT - SmithKline set to rise to 850p.
The fatter the flea, the leaner the dog.
His friend Mr Goodman claimed it was written just for him!)
Chicago deliverable oat stocks.
Punishment awaits all offences.
Only lawyers and painters can turn white to black.
How easy it is to defeat people who do not kindle fire for themselves.
RESEARCH ALERT - Apollo Group raised to buy.
FOCUS-Investors fling aside NZ election worries.
Tell me how you came to take up a life of crime.
She planned to wed a lord, then poison him.
When he did leave for his next promotion, the real polises reading his c.v.
Corsaire to buy stake in Mutual Exchange.
Planners can also give approval with conditions appended to the details of the scheme.
Craftiness must have clothes, but truth loves to go naked.
Ill got, ill spent.
The more the fox is cursed, the more prey he catches.
Two ears to one tongue, therefore hear twice as much as you speak.
The nearer the minster the later to mass.
GE unit says to buy healthcare assets.
Keiyo Gas - 6mth parent results.
Honeyed speech often conceals poison and gall.
In the event, he beggared it.
Fig. 3.22 (overleaf) SEM micrographs of incisor corrosion produced by digestion: lower incisors.
The barking of dogs does not reach heaven.
On the contrary, it invited effective Polish economic retaliation.
Paris airports import traffic down 0.4 pct Jan-Jul.
He that would go to sea for pleasure would go to hell for a pastime.
One generation plants the trees, the next eats the fruit.
MOL, EVN to build power plant - MTI.
CZECH CROWN/DOLLAR FIX MIDPOINT 27.301 - UNOFFICIAL.
But North also had his personal obligation.
Neither trust or contend, nor lay wagers or lend, and you'll have peace to your end.
Friends are known in time of need.
Non semper erit aestas It will not always be summer (be prepared for hard times)
They who fight with golden weapons are pretty sure to prove their right.
Appearances are deceptive.
It is in God, both outside and inside us.
Names and natures do often agree.
Who knows not how to pray let him go sail the sea.
Cowards win no laurels.
An oath broken by one does not thereafter bind the other.
But we did get along all right.
The nimblest footman is a false tale.
There is, he says, a lot more to tell.
It is their descendants that come to dominate the population.
Dlr bumps along lows in featureless late Europe.
They are not all hunters who blow horns.
The latter option is less common.
Saints don't fill the belly.
Inspector: Sarcasm will get you nowhere.
Valour even in an enemy is worthy of praise.
Then you can have some fun, my son,
UK's Thistle Hotels appoints new finance chief.
Well my balls are bigger than your balls .
UK overnight rates firm on large shortage.
RTRS-PRESS DIGEST - Australian Business News - Aug 21.
At least by leading a club he gave declarer a choice.
Like king, like law; like law, like people.
Exactly what a celibate clergy needs.
The green fire jiggled politely at the top of the stairs.
A grand eloquence, little conscience.
The cow that does not eat with the oxen, either eats before or after them.
Thrust not thy finger in a fool's mouth.
Free man, free goods.
There are fish in the sea better than have ever been caught.
Gossips say SunSoft Inc would like to buy Santa Cruz Operation Inc.
These criticisms have often been the crux of the public case against land drainage.
The Belgroves' garden is open on May 3 and July 12, 2 pm-6 pm.
Malaysia June trade surplus at 574 mln rgt.
Luck has much for many, but enough for no one.
Yellow Freight to add diesel fuel charge.
Dorcas and his trainee engineers had disappeared in search of the Ship's engines.
IF YOU DO NOT FULLY CO-OPERATE YOUR DAUGHTER WILL BE MUTILATED
I'll come and work for you.
A violent racking cough in bronchitis.
Stolen fruit is sweet.
But one day we'll have a king again.
Japan links new loans to Egypt with IMF reforms.
Report makes the wolf bigger than he is.
London coal/ore fixtures.
RTRS-Australian rail network faces 24-hour strike.
Where wine goes in, modesty goes out.
The invisible cholera cloud had moved on.
To give quickly is to give doubly.
UK M4 data offers only crumb of comfort to Clarke.
ValuJet says it cannot return to skies on Friday.
He wrongs not an old man that steals supper from him.
The benefits of a role play for children particularly are
Yeah palm erm they oil palm plantations
The train pulled out, heading for Loughton along the green valley of the Roding.
Local elections are a sort of annual general election (Newton 1976a:16).
Germans seek to export intervention rye, barley.
TWA names new chief financial officer.
Can I help you off with your clothes? one actor said.
GOLF-OLAZABAL GIVEN GO-AHEAD TO USE CART.
Wounded Ethiopian minister returns from Israel.
Happiness invites envy.
ONE ROMANIAN DIES IN BUS CRASH IN BULGARIA.
Aegon shares up on first half results.
The hardest step is that over the threshold.
OFFICIAL JOURNAL CONTENTS - OJ L 211 OF AUGUST 21, 1996.
And her endless supplies of Paris Match keep her in touch with the Royals.
Gossiping and lying go together.
In this case the incomers had their homes bought for them.
Brazil industrial output in June up 0.5 pct - IBGE.
CRICKET-PAKISTAN MAKE PROGRESS DESPITE DOGGED ATHERTON.
Upon the whole you have proved to be
Shanghai T-bill repo rates, spots close mostly up.
Note gold piping, and cuff button arrangement.
HTCC moves management to Hungary.
Other pupils with special educational needs will not have statements.
But Tatum is not afraid to take a few knocks.
Fred Meyer raised to outperform.
Ligand to launch 3 Phase II/III trials.
FEATURE - Horseshoes and Hoover balls hallmarks of presidents.
Volvo Aero in talks with Daimler-Benz.
HERE'S HOW YOU CAN GET THE LOOK OF 92
Who knows not how to flatter knows not how to talk.
Panama construction firm seeks capital increase.
INDIA-Primary dealers quotes on securities Aug 26.
ARCTOS UPS TURKISTUOTTAJAT STAKE.
Although several pairs often lay near each other, pits are vigorously defended against neighbours.
Swap for rack mounted multi-effects system, preferably with foot controller.
Ichimasa Kamaboko - 95/96 group results.
Be not a jack of all trades, but a master of one.
So when Andrew started seeing Sarah, the Princess took a back seat.
Persist as resolutely as you persist in eating.
&quot;Eco terrorists&quot; target British builders.
He who peeps through a hole will discover his dole.
One swallow does not make a summer.
Prizes will go to the first 10 all-correct entries opened after that date.
God comes with leaden feet, but strikes with iron hands.
Arrow Air itself appears to have been involved in the Iran-Contra air supply operation.
Clinton signs law raising minimum wage to $5.15.
Tobacco litigation fears cloud Imperial flotation.
If you do not agree with the phases of the moon, get a ladder and repair it.
Fire breaks out in building beside the White House.
Can you remember what kind of paint you used?
Six-spotted burnet moths were sitting, newly hatched, on the grass stems.
Italy communists unlikely to floor Prodi - analysts.
He that lies on the ground can fall no lower.
Plus what to do if your holiday goes wrong
LONDON CURRENCY AND GOLD BULLION RATES.
Marion County, Fla., revs single-A - Moody's.
And what is your home address?
Above all, Marianella will be remembered as a very brave and very determined woman.
Japan not planning more tax hikes for budget--MOF.
Equipment includes a limited-slip differential, power steering, tinted glass, central locking and alloy wheels.
Hope springs eternal.
The sailors all laughed at me because I walked and neighed like a horse.
Football: Maskell's show of extra spirit extends Forest
Might knows no right.
McLaren F1 team to switch sponsors after 23 years.
Crime never sleeps.
No house without a mouse, no barn without corn, no rose without a thorn.
Careless rat chewing on a cat's tail: beware lightning!
Banks are expected to follow with similar increases.
Once that situation arose, then section 433 came into play.
Again, reference to the Torfaen case 1990 2 Q.B.
A fool is always beginning.
With a lot of help from other people I believe we've done just that.
From the Flightdeck - the Air Cargo Week in Review.
Wrongdoers and assenting parties are equally punishable.
Syria says Israel is beating drums of war.
You may go where you please.
Lloyd's of London serves notice of emergency stay.
Every man should support himself, and not hang upon another.
If you always give, you will always have.
(See also Observation on p. 97.)
To produce and distribute a report on the Is West Belfast Working? conference.
Jones is to be followed by Udo Koch.
U.S. denounces jailing of dissidents in Burma.
I believe that each individual is precious to God.
Millers, tailors, and weavers are not hanged, or the trade would soon be extinct.
A bad thing never dies.
Protective footlets could be made from the feet of old stockings.
The best mode of instruction is to practise what we preach.
Fashion is a tyrant from which there is no deliverance; all must conform to its whimsical.
Last year CAUSE were able to assist nearly 100 families thanks to your generosity.
Why then should the trade unions have settled for something less?
TAIPEI TECO TO USE NEC TECHNOLOGY
A Copernican cosmology, as defended by Galileo, is the outstanding example.
Lithuania central bank, IMF welcome new bank laws.
He half turned and put his arm round her recumbent form.
One hour's sleep before midnight is worth two after.
Argentine grain/oilseed stocks on July 1.
Scoring procedures will be determined by the nature of the investigation.
Do you think he has become jealous or possessive?
Valspar Corp sets dividend.
Paraguayan unions to strike on Wednesday.
There is always room at the top.
The monk that begs for God's sake begs for two.
Still he fisheth that catcheth one.
RTRS-Australian companies ex-dividend today.
Many are brave when the enemy flies.
Like priest, like people.
Even the rustling of leaves will alarm the hare.
All things at first appear difficult.
Although Bali is a mecca for tourists, its culture and beauty survive.
In no sense are these hospitals now seen as second rate.
One turns here to child guidance and the role of the educational psychologist.
An excess of caution does no harm.
Olympics gave Georgia a $4 bln boost - report.
The cat has nine lives: three for playing, three for straying, three for staying.
Canada's Prairies to see sunny skies, warm weather.
Three may keep counsel if two be away.
Here, I'm going to have a look.
Good to fetch a sick man sorrow and a dead man woe.
Don't throw the handle after the bill.
Who has no children does not know what love is.
Even the gods are conciliated by offerings.
The will is the soul of the work.
Russia's UES EESR.RTS not yet ready for ADRs.
A fox is known by this tail.
If there is a rich man in the area three villages are ruined.
Don't cry holloa! till you're over the bridge.
But they do call for explanation.
Inset with Catherine Deneuve at Heaven night club in the film The Hunger
If you want to thrash your wife, ask her for a drink of water in the sun.
But they're fi , they're going to find about it cos it's everywhere.
Wisdom does not consist in dress.
Uzbek banks say they ordered not to pay out cash.
Great trees keep down little ones.
He that would have what he hath not should do what he doth not.
Menasha, Wis., utility rated single-A by Moody's.
I think I had better go home.
Adam's wet arm lazily reached for another peach.
If you want a thing done, go; if not, send.
NYMEX oil complex closes up, heat leading rebound.
You're only a pack of cards!
If you don't know don't make it up, don't guess.
She was found not guilty and discharged.
They are all rather proud of the outcome; and the Prince is delighted.
U.N. court boosts war crimes awareness-Goldstone.
He is a thief indeed who robs a thief.
It is only at the tree loaded with fruit that people throw stones.
It is better to weep with wise men than to laugh with fools.
Nippon Ceramic - 6mth parent results.
Israeli army raids Palestinian offices.
Opportunity to view non-operational equipment under restoration.
Eating and drinking holds body and soul together.
In an ermine spots are soon discovered.
NZ's Turners &amp; Growers in contract to sell carpark.
COCOA--Coimbra scaling down cocoa operation.
Metromedia expands Uzbekistan venture.
More details of the frequency distribution of word-initial tri-grams are given in Appendix E.
Tanzanian coffee official says taxes hurt output.
Many an injury comes from a fool's speech.
We therefore attach great importance to flexibility in arrangements for revision.
What you think of yourself is much more important than what others think of you.
No I came home at half two today.
How is it related to stack manipulating instructions and to auto-indexing (see 4.3)?
BRIGHTON ART GALLERY AND MUSEUM Treasures from Sussex Churches.
When you fall into a pit, you either die or get out.
At all of these stations separate third-class waiting-rooms were supplied further down the tracks.
If you don't stand for something, you will fall for something.
Repentance costs dear.
The worse for the rider, the better for the bider.
Self-love is blind.
Manassas, Va., $10.200 mln won by Davenport &amp; Co..
However, such areas have not been well characterized in physiological and anatomical studies.
After a few seconds it cut out completely.
Wear old clothes and bring a hammer.
Happiness is neither outside or inside us.
RedFed supervisory pact ended.
You really mean it? she asked breathlessly.
In wine there is truth. [Lat., In vino veritas.]
* India floating rate note (FRN) rates - Aug 20.
A fool knows more in his own house than a wise man in another's.
Gingrich touts welfare reform but gets complaints.
The table robs more than the thief.
Malaysia 91-day Treasury bills yield 6.541 pct.
The pace of technological change is quickening.
Sigma 38: 1 Bluebird of Burnham, R Williams (CYC) 9.51.06.
A proud heart can survive a general failure because such a failure does not prick its pride.
Israeli shares decline despite rate cut.
Two daughters and a back door are three arrant thieves.
This was definitely not the case in 1988.
Polish O/N depos low in cash surplus, zloty eases.
Rugby union-England given final chance to stay in Five Nations.
Great strokes make not sweet music.
Banco de Mexico monetary aggregates to July.
I shall, shall get in touch with Mosely Rugby Club for you.
Soak up some inspiration for your bathroom
Teacher: Let's see what happens if you jump.
EPA sees no change in BOJ monetary policy for now.
Kenya shilling gains further against the dollar.
By July, it was all over.
The rooster said, "I shall cry but whether the sun rises God knows."
Work on new Shanghai airport to start in September.
Ekeus in Baghdad to discuss dispute over access.
* International Datapost services are not available at all Post Office counters.
Necessity and opportunity may make a coward valiant.
It's as difficult to be rich without bragging as it is to be poor without complaining.
IMM currency futures end pit trading mixed.
This might offer more opportunity for group work with relatives or residents.
Fear not a jest. If one throws salt at you, you will not be harmed unless you have sore places.
Denying a fault doubles it.
China Jan-July tin exports slip 27.7 percent.
AMS H1 group pre-tax loss 3.1 mln ATS.
Norske Skog sees weaker H2 result.
We may be the underdogs, but we're gonna fight like pit bulls.
One may have good eyes and see nothing.
There is no need for other people to read it.
Dangerous enemies will meet again in narrow streets.
Spare well and have to spend.
It is easier to fill a rogue's belly than his eye.
Other times, other folk.
U.S. Army private faces spying, computer charges.
The paunch warm, the foot sleepy.
Mill demand arrests slide in India Gujarat cotton.
UAE withdraws military rocket due to malfunction.
Madrid stocks end higher boosted by foreign buyers.
How can I weigh my head?
Baroid acquires Desert Drilling Fluids Inc.
It is sweet and meritorious to die for one's country.
BOLSWESSANEN TO BUY TWO U.S. DAIRY FIRMS.
What are you going to do?
'Tis better to have loved and lost, than never to have loved at all.
He who buys what he cannot pay for, sells what he would rather not.
Expect not at another's hand what you can do by your own.
New York physical copper market.
Find support for your ideas .
Everything has an end except God.
It was acting of this quality that brought the company's films alive.
Laughter abounds in the mouths of fools.
R. Nozick, Anarchy, State, and Utopia , pp. 2723.
Support up for public spending on U.S. private schools.
Porsche net profit jumps in fiscal 1996.
Well she lifted her cup of cocoa towards him here's to a happy Christmas.
So he sold them for four X.
FEATURE - Singapore traffickers unfazed by hangings.
Instead, he chooses the buying back of another company, Belhaven.
But that's where but Creggan did not finish.
K-III Communications Corp notes count ends.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass Special Resolutions and to debate motions.
CBOT wheat ends lower as frost fears fade.
Most of these consistently criticised the parliamentary peace efforts under way in Saudi Arabia.
Better squinting than blind.
She reads him the story of the Gadarene swine, the novel's Epigraph.
Generale Bank rates Nedlloyd a Hold.
Boyd began to feel better and not a little smug.
Nature breaks through the eyes of the cat.
The basic equipment needed to brew tasty and cheap beer at home
If you don't speculate, you can't accumulate.
Slovenian shares firm slightly, seen blocked.
Cherries are bitter to the glutted blackbird.
Netanyahu tells Egypt PLO negotiations soon.
Beaver Area SD CIBs, Pa., won by Merrill Lynch.
WorldCom, MFS in $14 bln merger.
Turkish shares climb on selective demand.
Husband of Kevorkian patient disputes coroner.
Federal Reserve report 1 (H.3/H.4.1) - August 21.
It is better to marry a shrew than a sheep.
Thou too art mortal.
Kenya shilling extends gains vs dlr on exporters.
The outside of the building is splendid, but the flats inside are cramped.
Blyth Industries Inc Q2 net rises.
It begins one day in 1880, in the dancers' dressing-room
It is well to fly low on account of the branches.
The country rooster dows not crow in the town.
It will be Gatting's eighth season as captain since taking over from Mike Brearley.
Why do you keep the guitars, the posters and photographs?
Even a fly has its spleen.
Too late the bird cries out when it is caught.
Colombia's Banco Ganadero still No. 1 in assets.
Every fool can find faults that a great many wise men can't remedy.
It's all a bit much for me after all these years as a frog.
Trust in God but lock your doors.
There must have been an alarm in the office, like.
China will seek to recover money from IMF staffer.
What is sport to the cat is death to the mouse.
He pressed home one more turn of the knife, just for effect.
Bulgaria retail sales rise 3.3 pct in Jan-July.
Schools, too, see that change has to come.
China says book that slams West is best-seller.
Fair money can cover mush that's foul.
They don't have the word weep.
Absence sharpens love; presence strengthens it.
One is a carburettor version of the V8 which powers the Range Rover.
Pressure of time, leaving no space for relaxation and contemplation.
RESEARCH ALERT - N.Y. State Electric cut.
Talk of the wolf and behold his skin.
This was my last formal association with Harold Wilson.
Turkey says killed 17 Kurd rebels in clashes.
1938 Caption You might ask them if they've got two ringside seats left?
Sleep has no master.
A panel of independent judges will be appointed.
With Jungr Parker and compere Pete McCarthy.
U.S. adj retail sales up 1.2 pct in Aug -- Redbook.
The old cask tastes of what the new cask held.
This damages and flocculates the algae cells into removable lumps.
He tells me my way, and knows not his own.
Jakarta shares close at day-high as tensions ease.
It's a long lane that has no turning.
Shanghai to build pedestrian underpass below river.
Jarvis Hotels buys Gatwick Holiday Inn.
What! you a hare, and ask for hare-pie!
Great greediness to reap, helps not the money-heap.
Put your hand quickly to your hat, and slowly in your purse, and you will take no harm.
JAPANESE COMPANIES MAY MERGE TO AVOID COMPETITION
FCOJ futures ends lower as market consolidates.
Carrefour says Pryca stake unchanged.
Heart disease and high blood pressure
You may find it helpful, having read this booklet.
Also he produced a portable lantern using a gas-filled bladder.
Chile plans curbs on 1997 government spending.
Who excuses himself without being accused makes his fault manifest.
Indian gur &amp; sugar prices - Delhi - August 24.
October 1, 1990 final dividend, two thirds of total.
There will be traditional refreshments and buffet cars on the trains.
Charges filed in Sea World boat crash - court.
Chilean stocks end mixed, seen opening firmer.
A dealer in rubbish sounds the praises of rubbish.
A man's best fortune, or his worst, is a wife.
I'm sorry too, she replied with tears in her eyes.
Man punishes the action, but God the intention.
You seek for fruit in the garden of Tantalus.
What levels are you taking for what?
Every one takes his flogging in his own way.
This year they will want to be champion themselves.
Atrix cites periodontal drug trial success.
A friend in court is better than a penny in purse.
Under a tattered cloak you will generally find a good drinker.
New lords, new laws.
Had you gotten up early, you wouldn't have needed to stay up late.
RUBBER-Indonesia seen diversifying into Japan.
Life lies not in living but in liking.
Once you get into that new thing you've got to really go with it.
That left a lot to do.
But I wish the sacrifice had been more clearly spelt out.
She's working as a secretary in a solicitor's office now.
A new broom is good for three days.
A dog is worthy of his food.
Laugh and the world laughs with you, weep and you weep alone.
Mr Bond bought the painting for a record 53.9m in 1987.
Consolidated Freightways stock jumps on spin off.
A gentlemen of Beauce who stays in bed till his breeches are mended.
Citizens Utilities sets stock dividend.
Diligence is a great teacher.
A thief knows a thief as a wolf knows a wolf.
Exceptionals cushion Iscor yr shr fall.
National Finance H1 net down 26 percent.
'Tis altogether vain to learn wisdom, and yet live foolishly.
What three know will soon be known to thirty.
Outboard Marine getting to know Greenway.
The demand for literacy and adult education is likely to be considerable.
Saudi riyal rates steady in quiet summer trade.
He hath slept well that remembers not he hath slept ill.
Lloyd's seeks U.S. approval for recovery plan.
I hope everything works out with the girl.
Learning is weightless, treasure you can always carry easily.
Newcor Inc Q3 July 31 net rises.
But that would be to miss the point.
No revenge is more honourable than the one not taken.
Stocks rise in Europe, Japan.
RESEARCH ALERT - Sun Intl hotels said cut.
Eurobonds - Expected new issues.
No cross, no crown.
Alleged U.S. plane bomber claims to be victim.
Zimbabwe strikers defy threats of dismissal.
A certain black humour comes out, says Haig.
Mexico 24, 48-hour pesos end stronger on stocks.
A beautiful bird is the only kind we cage.
He who knows but little quickly tells it.
IPE Sept gas oil ends weaker, backwardation eases.
Australia to give Cambodia A$30 mill aid for 96/97.
The money was repayable immediately it was paid.
The International Practical WOODWORKING Exhibition AND CRAFT FAIR
The Caribbean Conference of Churches is a corporate member of WACC.
Can put you in touch with local services.
Kill and thou wilt be killed, and he will be killed who kills thee.
(Martin Kelner) Lapidus, 21 Bury Old Road, Prestwich (061 740 3095).
US bank borrowings average $325 mln/day Aug 21 wk.
Her dismay showed all too plainly on her face.
To do good to the ungrateful is to throw rose-water into the sea.
Idle brains are the devil's workshop.
Drier with sunny spells for all areas on Thursday afternoon.
Flextech first-half 1996 net profit soars.
Recently purchased for vintage vehicle collection.
Never burn your fingers to snuff another man's candle.
The roses were perfect, the lawns like green velvet, and the tall trees threw
Any such move would be accompanied by an OEM/rebadge deal.
Silly sheep, where one goes, all go.
Can you give an example when you say that the law is designed?
Chile's Madeco sets up Uruguay unit.
Jardine Fleming China Q2 assets rise.
Australia wool group agrees on stockpile sale.
We checked into it and Sun has two engineers assigned to the case.
By the thread we unwind the skein.
Have you been able to advise her?
He that takes too great a leap falls into the ditch.
The customer is always right.
He is his own trumpeter.
Edward Browning, 36, a nightclub doorman, has pleaded not guilty to murdering Mrs Wilks.
He that hath been bitten by a serpent is afraid of a rope.
India police raid tycoon's home in phone scandal.
Soon after moving in Hunt began reading Minton's copy of Delacroix's Journals .
Child's pig, father's pork.
Learn to handle a writing-brush and you'll never handle a begging-bowl.
Taiwan mulls buying Russian helicopters - report.
Simpson case judge urged to allow TV coverage.
A palaeontological enigma: Janospira , a small Ordovician fossil of unknown relationships
It's a horse, but it's an animal.
Hungary Citibank brokerage names new head.
Folly is the product of all countries and ages.
Pilgrims seldom come home saints.
Show her the rudder, but don't steer her boat.
The more cost the more honour.
PRESS DIGEST - Daily Variety - Aug 27.
We will go to Lilith's again, Vi.
Brooks Fiber wins full Oklahoma authority.
He that has no gear to tine has shins to pine.
The winner is Mrs K Dryden, of Sawbridgeworth, Herts.
RTRS - No reversal on nursing home - Howard.
One has woven the thread, another has drawn it forth. [One man invents, another develops the idea.)
FOCUS - Dollar down sharply on uncertainty over Japan.
SAS expects weaker full-year 1996 result.
I do not think it necessary to enter upon the technicalities of autrefois convict.
PRESS DIGEST - Ireland - August 22.
Philippine peso pounded by fake death rumour.
Manila shares end little changed in cautious trade.
Always taking out of the meal-tub, and never putting in, soon to the bottom.
ECHO LIKELY TO SELL SUBSIDARY FOR $7.0 MLN.
BALANCE - Allen, Texas, schools at $4.1 mln.
If you pay not a servant his wages, he will pay himself.
Argentina urges Latin America links to ASEAN.
USDA to donate wheat to Tajikistan.
I think the most important thing that we've done is talk about it.
Every man hath a fool in his sleeve.
Argentine union says met gov't, reaffirms strike.
Here lies Brain Peter Garage St. John Lee Baptist Tra La etc. etc.
That country will I call mine which supports me, not that which gave me birth.
He was buried, beside his wife, in the nave of Worcester Cathedral.
Within the system, finally, there were varying combinations of medium, content and audience interest.
Thanks for the heartfelt letter Jonny.
The man who invented foil-embossed paperback covers.
TGI Friday's enters contract for Vietnam locations.
A brilliant daughter make a brittle wife.
A buckle is a great addition to an old shoe.
To do a favour slowly is to begrudge it; to consent slowly shows unwillingness.
GOVERNMENT LIST.
An hour in the morning is worth two in the evening.
If you want to contribute, please telephone for further information.
US-UK talks to ease flying rights in doubt.
RTRS-Caltex half yr net profit A$30.3 mln.
It fares ill with the house when the distaff commands the sword.
None of these methods will ease all of the people all of the time.
It may be that your number is changing.
I believe there is mind behind the universe
RTRS-Australia, US tackle Europe on gluten dumping.
Shanghai Petrochemical first half net down.
Idleness is the sepulchre of a living man.
It was also rough and noisy and unmannerly.
The higher the mountain the lower the vale, the taller the tree the harder the fall.
Oh fine, yes, then you go to is it
German press says &quot;high time&quot; after repo rate cut.
Lebanon awards $102 mln port deal to Spanish firm.
To circumstances and custom the law must yield.
Ringgit trades in range on lack of new factors.
Unwilling service earns no thanks.
From long journeys long lies.
But, as the French report so politely puts it:
The tired mare goes willingly to grass.
RUGBY UNION-Mind games for second test turn nasty.
WINDOWS TELEPHONY VERSION 1.0 AVAILABLE NOW
He could see she was preparing for a party.
Feb 14th once more draws near
Small beer comes the last.
What greater crime than loss of time?
Counsel breaks not the head.
He had been imprisoned for want of bail.
Indian call money, Aug 20(closing)-10.25-10.75 pct.
A single stick may smoke, but it will not burn.
When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside cannot hurt you.
FCL has offers for Hikurangi forest.
CBOT soybeans turn higher late on crop tour report.
AccuStaff buys Career Horizons for $1 billion.
Garden Ridge Corp Q2 revs, net rise.
This is far in the future.
There's not even the slightest breeze up here.
David Crampton makes a statement on behalf of the parents of all Allitt's victims
S.Korea won closes up on expected month-end demand.
no regular medicinal use, but leaves have diuretic effects
Few of the writers of the letters stuck to the point.
He who sows little, reaps little.
But what her eyes don't actually see she finds it difficult to imagine.
Too little, too late.
CBOT grain/oilseed receipts and shipments.
INDICATORS - SLOVAKIA - UPDATED AUG 26.
Live long and prosper.
MasTec says FMR Corp ownes 10.1 pct.
IPO HIGHLIGHTS - Metro One up after IPO.
Tell everybody your business and the devil will do it for you.
A lazy boy and a warm bed are difficult to part.
The British Part in the Korean War , vol. 1: A Distant Obligation.
right, can we do the next one, the last one
I shall argue that it is their particular use of rhetoric that permits this.
Turner names Donald Sleeman CFO.
She had no army of her own.
Electricity user left in the dark
RAISIO TO MEET HOME BENECOL DEMAND IN DEC.
Losses make us more cautious.
But in fact he has already been exposed.
What we know for sure is is really outlined here.
Sometimes she had to have water fetched from miles up in the mountain.
Much wit is lost in a poor man's purse.
Swedish retail sales rose 0.1 pct in June.
It is the fool's sheep that break loose twice.
FULL TEXT - Philadelphia Fed releases Q3 '96 survey.
He who has money has capers.
Pigeons are taken when crows fly at pleasure.
Greater fools than they of Zago, who dunged the steeple to make it grow.
Now I feel that the French intellectuals are wrong.
By 1985, over half the forty-seven counties were without a clear overall majority.
RTRS-NAB starts values training programme.
RUGBY UNION-MULDER OUT OF SECOND TEST.
Never spur a willing horse.
Chateau Properties Inc votes dividend.
CME average feeder steer price.
Br Gas, Ofgas relationship was always rocky.
Don't just cross a river--cross it bearing fire!.
Big words seldom go with good deeds.
National Beverage sets stock dividend.
Japan trade official sees steady surplus decline.
PRESS DIGEST - SOUTH AFRICA - AUGUST 23.
The man carried the limp body to where the Saab was parked.
Extreme right is extreme wrong.
Food: Feast of indelicate edibles: Chaim Bermant hankers for herrings
ASEAN protests against EU, U.S. ship ruling.
Tell me who you live with, and I will tell you who you are.
RESEARCH ALERT - Apria Health said raised.
If you have, give; if you lack, seek.
He who has not health has nothing.
Foul linen should be washed at home.
Heresy may be easier kept out than shook off.
A sword of lead in a scabbard of ivory.
Abundance, like want, ruins many.
The reason for Virani's euphoria can also be explained by his timing.
Seek and ye shall find.
Turkish court indicts Kurdish party leadership.
Belgian Natl Bank more cheerful on state finances.
She looked perfectly healthy, but Frankie was not convinced.
Lines are open MondayFriday 09301700 excluding Bank Holidays.
S.Africa's PAC admits targeting white civilians.
One half of the world does not know how the other half lives.
Where's the shelter to be found?
A proud man hath many crosses.
A fu' sack will tak a clout o' the side.
Booking for events at the Theatre Royal
A covetous abbot for one offering loses a hundred.
Where you tell your secret you surrender your freedom.
She had grey eyes and white hair.
Skills required for safe drug administration and management.
I am ready and willing to take anything football can throw at me.
And that is exactly what happened.
Remember to use this as your internal reference point.
Adia AGM agrees merger with Ecco.
Met Life, New England Mutual merger approved - NYT.
Catalyst Semiconductor Inc Q1 net rises.
(Quoted in Lienhardt, 1980, p. 79.)
By return the patient would have a card saying:
Love is blind, friendship closes its eyes.
The arrests will have several political effects.
A computer strategy for England is promised.
Pearson bids for Stonehenge centre - paper.
erm, one or two here are adoptive parents of children, not babies, but
He who has once invited the devil into his house, will never be rid of him.
Voter registration problems snowball into crisis.
The Prior, solemn-faced, heard him out.
Lanvision Systems Q2 shr loss unchanged.
Depictions of the Annunciation show her alone.
Czech FinMin sets 26-wk T-bill auction Wednesday.
Episcopal resistance could lead ironically to yet more royal exploitation.
What will the next decades hold?
The wolf is always said to be more terrible than he is.
When the summer is winter, and the winter is summer, it is a sorry year.
From the straws in the air we judge of the wind.
Hunger is the best sauce.
Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.
Silence seldom doth harm.
A married man is a caged bird.
Let every one keep off the flies with his own tail.
Good hunters track narrowly.
Better lose that lose more.
INTERVIEW - Mattel sees Disney toys sales up.
He could have complained that they should have asked him earlier.
Can I just write that yeah, you're not just gonna take that down?
Holland was the country that impressed him most:
Ravens do not peck out raven's eyes.
Exhibits include radio transmitting and receiving equipment.
It dates back to the 13th century.
He has lost the nest-egg.
Brussels Jan-July 1996 air cargo traffic by region.
Early days maybe, as the physician said he could not rule out the possibility.
There are twenty seven people on the stage at any one time.
How would you go about that?
Meet you down here in five minutes.
Appeal dismissed with costs, not to be enforced without leave of the court.
Beggars mounted ride their horses to death.
MoDo profits tumble on weak markets.
Nigeria calls reports of Ogoni arrests &quot;crazy&quot;.
There are many preachers who don't hear themselves.
He seeks more time and he has asked for a year or more.
The more you give in, the more you have to give in.
Their Lordships will humbly advise Her Majesty that the appeal ought to be dismissed.
US late prods fall as NYMEX changes direction.
He that saveth his dinner will have the more for his supper.
You cannot shift an old tree without it dying.
An old coachman loves the crack of the whip.
I 'ad to pay three bob for a decent one.
Mrs Thatcher still tells interviewers and staff that There is much more to do.
He who denies everything confesses everything.
By hook or by crook.
The best of the sport is to do the deed and say nothing.
The products include Backup.Unet, Print.Unet, Ubackup, Uqueque and Usecure.
This is not to identify computation with consciousness.
Romania UAMT sees half-year profit up.
He felt hot and inexplicably angry.
Who pays beforehand is served behindhand.
Systems with Multiple Positional and Rotational States
Neither reprove nor flatter thy wife, where any one heareth or seeth it.
Mrs Quinton was again smiling down on Millie.
His wits are wool-gathering.
All they wanted was to get home.
Smith Residential CFO LoPinto resigns.
One person from each table yes, thank you are there any more?
But it is not just that, he adds.
Children become focus of Weld-Kerry Senate debate.
Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still.
Make yourself an ass, and you'll have every man's sack on your shoulders.
Nevertheless, the case throws some light on the earlier situation.
The new fridge uses a mix of butane and propane gases as coolants.
The best of the mill is that the sacks can't speak.
The orchestra was in stunning form.
For a smaller group, it provided a living.
RESEARCH ALERT-NGK Spark Plug rated.
Mexico may slap tariffs on China footwear imports.
The canal itself will be handed back to Panama on December 31, 1999.
The social worker utilizing CognitiveBehaviour Therapy should be wary of its indiscriminate use.
Every cock is proud on his own dung hill.
The soldier is well paid for doing mischief.
But I'm not sure of the rules confidentiality, you know.
How much insurance is SunSoft Inc taking out with Solaris-on-Intel?
Trygg-Hansa shares jump on H1 results.
LME traders look to stock data for clue from China.
Air Gabon names new French cargo executives.
If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging.
WORTH VALLEY RAILWAY AWARD for best new project carried out solely by volunteers: .
If you listen to dogs barking, you'll go deaf and never learn much.
Words are good, but fowls lay eggs.
Better ride a good horse for a year, than an ass all your life.
Ivan also praised the team at Papworth Hospital.
Negotiated sales total $681 mln for Aug 21.
But this is our picture which
Don't show your teeth if you can't bite.
Brazil basic interest rate set 10 days early - paper.
Is it nothing (as Gill assures me), or is it everything?
There are five grades, indicated by 15 *s with a Q (for quality) symbol.
What is another's always pines for its master.
MoDo sees Skr 1.5 bln hedging gain.
He that would live for aye must eat sage in May.
In default of bread, meal cakes are good.
RTRS-ASX starts CHESS settlement system phase two.
Where there is little bread, cut first.
One that promised better things.
Those who don't pick roses in summer won't pick them in winter either.
IBCA assigns long-term AAA to DSL's 2001 bonds.
Sort out the past forgive and be forgiven.
Bogota stocks end little changed, eyes on Ganadero.
Life without endeavor is like entering a jewel-mine and coming out with empty hands.
GENICOM IS DELL'S PREFERRED PRINTER PROVIDER
INTERVIEW - Orange says growth misunderstood.
Though we may pluck flowers by the way we may not sleep among flowers.
A wolf in sheep's clothing.
Great bodies move slowly.
This has one very important result which has great significance in relation to alternatives.
International Remote Imaging Systems CFO.
Melrose ISD 740, Minn., won by Norwest Invest.
God is better pleased with adverbs than with nouns.
Discount chain Target stops selling cigarettes.
And during this time he must have trodden pretty much every footpath there.
Abroad to see wonders the traveller goes, And neglects the fine things which lie under his nose.
Our main concern as a group is that we do not waste the money.
Too many cooks oversalt the porridge.
After use with raw food, wash all equipment
The case against South Korea's Chun, Roh.
One of these days is none of these days.
God save you from a bad neighbour, and from a beginner on the fiddle.
Pray that the missionary may enter into His rest and peace.
There is no logic in the Pro-Life argument.
Right, said Marco, in a hushed, imperative tone.
The alternatives are letter, fax, or looking for the British agent in the ads.
Argentina's Fernandez takes package to Congress.
PRESS DIGEST - Malta - Aug 27.
Group told to pay $2.6 mln in insider trading case.
Good news is rumoured and bad news flies.
It may be said that noisy barrels are easier to carry.
Bremen coffee market sees higher Brazil prices.
The wrong-doer never lacks excuses.
Killer germ claims 11th victim in Japan.
Portuguese bond report.
S.African Q2 GDP rose annualised 3.5 pct.
Hard by a river he digs a well.
PLAN TO LINK JAPANESE GOVERNMENT LANs
And therefore it can be found very easily, very directly, simply by titration.
SI Diamond Q2 shr loss widens.
If you're asking me would they steal for it, well then I don't know.
A dog is never offended at being pelted with bones.
Precipitate counsel--perilous deed.
A green Christmas makes a fat churchyard.
Nomes swarmed all over the Ship.
He that looketh on a woman to lust after her, hath committed adultery already with her in his heart.
Grey hairs are death's blossoms.
U.S. natgas demand could reach 30 Tcf in 2015 - GRI.
PRESS DIGEST - Kuwait - Aug 22.
The square root of minus 16 is J4.
We lessen our wants by lessening our desires.
The sick man sleeps when the debtor cannot.
For a voracious beast pebbles in his feed.
Anne's non-verbal bit-part as Mrs Dega was not even credited.
One butcher fears not many sheep.
The concealer is as bad as the thief.
The best of friends must part.
ISO head sees S.Africa keeping up sugar exports.
Results can be seen in Fig. 1.
He that never fails never grows rich.
Is it just as nice upstairs?
This is the Marcel Marceau of talking birds
Rose too was hesitant as she started the Fifth Mystery.
Barrick gets 93 pct of Arequipa.
RTRS-Australian wool outlook remains optimistic.
BOY, DID I catch it for my remarks about George Orwell's 1984.
North Dakota wheat harvest advances rapidly.
THIRLESTANE Castle off the A68 just outside Lauder.
Nihon Kenshi - 6mth parent results.
And I will not agree to take her without your full and willing consent.
Bulgaria July producer prices hit 33 pct mth/mth.
Please detail the costs of each configuration separately, in tabular form as follows:
He who can sit upon a stone and feed himself should not move.
IMPROV FOR WINDOWS SALES SURPASS 125,000 UNITS
It's that time of the year again.
The devil is in the details.
Singapore shares open down, Sembawang Maritime up.
Better lose the anchor than the whole ship.
A cry, a sniff, and all comes to naught.
BOE gives UK money market 64 mln stg late help.
The snail slides up the tower at last, though the swallow mounteth it not.
RTRS-WMC petroleum sale has mix of assets.
An ape's an ape, a varlet's a varlet, Though they be clad in silk or scarlet.
BOSS Digitech shift delay for Boss GE7 equaliser or sell for 60.
We'll make sure it never happens.
Christmas comes but once a year. But when it comes it brings good cheer.
RESEARCH ALERT-Cesp still speculative buy.
By David Fletcher Health Services Correspondent
Do we have to show both?
When Adam delved, and Eve span, where was then the gentleman?
Mr William Henry Hunt, of Winestead, North Humberside, left estate valued at 101,443 net.
Everyone wants to defend what they've got, one of them says.
Ideas make us what we are.
Cognitive therapy has sometimes been accused of being only applicable to the intellectual client.
Venezuela to decide if Pepsi has case in cola war.
She would be out for an hour.
His back, broad as a standing stone
Yeltsin takes break from Moscow.
Bad grass does not make good hay.
Every beginning is hard, said the thief, when he began by stealing an anvil.
NZ poll seen as bad news for National government.
RTRS - Costello says budget passage sets up rate cut.
Do not rejoice at my grief, for when mine is old yours will be new.
Pop artist Lichtenstein designs DreamWorks logo.
The meeting was filmed by the BBC's Watchdog consumer affairs programme.
Builder HBG's order book up 13 pct at Dfl 5.2 bln.
If you would acquire fame, let not the sun shine on you in bed.
The latter item alone is worth all that effort!
But she says No that's something I know all about that's sensuality.
Worries go down better with soup.
The fox goes through the corn and does not eat, but brushes it down with his tail.
A canoe does not know who is king. When it turns over, everyone gets wet.
Holes could then be cut in the structure to receive skylights, doors, and windows.
If there is a wave there must be a wind.
A lonely larch, too, is gossamer-robed in softest green.
A man cannot carry all his kin on his back.
She also thinks Taligent will prove a great boon to both its parents.
Better a friend's bite than an enemy's caress.
This is usually surmounted by merely explaining Left my book.
Ask my fellow if I be a thief.
It is a foolish sheep that makes the wolf his confessor.
What, finally, about the effects of the RES?
The Conservatives in Blackpool: Upbeat Thatcher supports Lawson
We must live by the quick, not by the dead.
God gives little folks small gifts.
PG&amp;E says Diablo Canyon back to full output.
By candle-light a goat looks like a lady.
S.Africa's WGS sees rates steady in short-term.
In many cases riding, fishing sometimes shooting can be arranged.
A similar programme will be established in an Asian urban complex.
Israel to study initial public offerings of banks.
Hot off the rumour mill: Cypress Semiconductor Corp is now seriously talking about Alpha.
But more than half the assets of Japanese and German funds are bonds.
Matsushita profit recovers strongly in April-June.
ValueVision, TCI in pact.
It was hoped that this would be remedied in the near future.
So you'll have to do that.
A gossiping woman talks of everybody, and everybody of her.
Friendships are cheap when they can be brought by doffing the hat.
Tokyo naphtha dips on crude in slow market.
The Reptile Protection Trust wants to ban the trade in pet turtles.
Eagle-Picher disclosure statement OKd.
You will scratch a beggar one day before you die.
Not every one may pluck roses.
As the tree, so the fruit; as the mistress, so the maid.
It is not allowed in war to blunder twice.
RTRS-Adtrans confident of steady dividend.
Mao lookalikes also dominate the cinema.
WOMEN'S monthly magazines are battling it out in an extremely competitive market.
YPF says Maxus Ecuador operations working normally.
They had broken through the spell-wall.
With enough 'ifs' we could put Paris in a bottle.
This is a commercial venture from which we aim to make a profit.
Dolly weakens, Edouard nearly a hurricane.
Mitsubishi Oil refinery back on stream.
To rude words deaf ears.
Central bankers to mull next move in inflation war.
However, this was not a once-for-all change.
To the fallen tree, hatchets! hatchets!
Calif utility panel worried by lack of enforcement.
Have you seen these charts before?
We also had to do a navigation test.
S&amp;P affirms IBJ, LTCB ratings after tax reassessed.
DELICATESSEN, as the name suggests, means delicate edibles, but delicate these edibles are not.
September sunshine had been shining on it ever since Leyton.
Study invites study, idleness produces idleness.
SLOVAK PM SEES BANKS RELEASING FUNDS FOR BAD DEBTS.
PRESS DIGEST - Lithuania - Aug 22.
We don't understand flowers, we can never remember their names.
The anger of the electorate, denied an outlet in successful political action, became hysterical.
Polish bourse seen needing higher trade for growth.
Starlings are lean because they go in flocks.
Yeltsin sees Chechnya as bleeding wound for Russia.
After high floods come low ebbs.
FEATURE-Lab is truelife version of movie crime fight scenes.
Fortune gives her hand to a bold man.
Sri Lankan T-bill yields rise on demand.
Give credit where credit is due.
So I was not too down-hearted.
One hundred years from now, people will remember this day.
Has anybody seen Dave this afternoon?
Was it perhaps he who had taught her all those words?
Tycoon tells China to resume talks with Taiwan.
Everything would be well were there not a "but."
Thousands at service for Belgian child sex victims.
Not every land has all at hand.
RESEARCH ALERT - O'Sullivan Industries.
But in a political party, there's a role for the sceptic.
Belgium braced for funeral of child sex victims.
Finally, the Mad Scene from Lucia di Lammermoor.
Manila gives Citibank derivatives license.
No man is so young he cannot teach, or so old he cannot learn.
Good day to you all! said the fox, when he got into the goose-pen.
Time is a file that wears and makes no noise.
He that is born to be hanged will never be drowned.
Elkem H1 pre-tax profits jump.
KeyCorp files for $1.2 bln shelf debt/equity.
If a thing's worth doing, it's worth doing well.
Finnish IVO says to buy stake in Hungary power co.
Cayenne Software Inc Q4 shr loss at $0.22.
However high a bird may soar, it seeks its food on earth.
Through not spending enough we spend too much.
The expansion of occupational and personal pensions remained a firm objective of the reforms.
The incident ended when other police officers arrived on the scene.
He was king now and there was work to be done.
A parasite cannot live alone.
The horse thinks one thing, and he that saddles him another.
Income related benefits: income and capital
SOCCER-ETHIOPIA BEAT UGANDA ON PENALTIES IN AFRICAN NATIONS CUP.
But it seemed that I was really into funerals in a big way.
There were notably few clashes over elections in the south-west.
Dutch closing debt market report.
A Dickensian Christmas; a setting sun; a dainty damsel.
ASMALL exchange overheard in the bang-up-to-the-minute House of Commons.
Jack is as good as his master.
Those that eat cherries with great persons shall have their eyes squirted out with the stones.
S.African apartheid killer convicted of six murders.
A shut mouth catches no flies.
Beware of the dog that does not bark.
LEVIN Jumbo acoustic, excellent original condition, old Swedish make.
FORECAST - German ZEW data on 6-month growth trend.
Who looks not before finds himself behind.
Solicitors: Oswald Hickson Collier Co.; Treasury Solicitor.
Philippines to reject new oil-fired power plants.
No one ever kicks a dead dog.
None so keen at the hunting of wolves as the dog with wolf blood.
Six hours for a man, seven for a woman, and eight for a fool.
Advising is easier than helping.
And I just saw myself washing it while he sat in the bath.
General Magnaplate sets $0.07 payout.
The heat was on and, over the next 24 hours, posters proliferated alarmingly.
New York asks its agencies to study further cuts.
Keep your eye upon the goal.
I will be dealing with it in-house.
When it is smooth start adding the warmed milk, little by little.
If Ifs and Ans were pots and pans There'd be no trade for tinkers.
Lloyd's assets may be frozen by U.S. regulators - FT.
For the diligent, a week has seven days; for the slothful, seven tomorrows.
Hunger and thirst scarcely kill any, But gluttony and drink kill a great many.
Northern Vietnam holds breath as storm passes.
Better U.S. job prospects seen in fourth quarter.
Once a year I attended the school play.
For companies you need their full name, country of registration and registration number.
Those who are once found to be bad are presumed to be so for ever.
By a brave endurance of unavoidable evils, we conquer them.
It won't do to trifle with fire.
It is an ill wind that blows nobody good.
Know thyself to know others, for heart beats like heart.
Northfield Q4 reflects clinical trials.
He married, in 1926, Sally McKee Lang.
Irving Layton found it too much, this eximious union of contrasts.
The latter religion pushed it further and added Love thine enemies.
Grey Advertising set to buy France's BDDP.
The bell does not go to mass, and yet calls every one to it.
All seemed set for an experiment in unity.
Another great book saved, Smith would say.
With lies you may go ahead in the world--but you can never go back.
If you have a friend who is a physician, send him to your enemy's house.
One executive smelt a rat when a new client queried a contract note.
He who succeeds is reputed wise.
God help the sheep when the wolf is judge.
Depressed stock prices spur Singapore takeovers.
The pride of the rich makes the labours of the poor.
A buxom widow must be either married, buried, or shut up in a convent.
Taiwan political party puts out Hong Kong feelers.
Details of the scheme will be supplied on request.
Acordia settles suit with National Benefits.
Let him not complain of being cheated who buys cloth by the pattern.
RTRS-Australia's Optus to spend A$50 mln on ATMs.
BRICK and concrete are inconvenient building materials.
He who always tells me a lie never cheats me.
The key sentence in the Luxembourg Compromise of 1966 was the statement that
Plenty of opportunity for instrumentalists and singers with JOHN BRYAN.
Civilian lodges, widespread by 1817, were driven towards action by military trenches.
Bishopric of Youth, Coptic Orthodox Patriarchate, PO Box 136 Abbassyia, Cairo, Egypt.
Minimum rate 8.85 pct at Italy lira repo.
It is probably the beginning of the end of Coalition Government.
Sybil had gone on ahead to London a week or so before.
It is a system that would lend itself to any sizeable district general hospital.
My previous connection no longer exists.
He is a good man whom fortune makes better.
Ube to issue 20 bln yen 9-year CB.
HEIDEMIJ Q2 PROFIT RISES.
A man need never revenge himself; the body of his enemy will be brought to his own door.
My great-aunt may even have deceived them deliberately; I don't know.
The club's first experience of the Vauxhall Conference had brought immediate relegation.
Russian commander vows to drive rebels from Grozny.
European markets hold fire for Bundesbank.
Peter heard Kate sigh with pleasure.
Too many captains will sink the ship.
He earned a reputation as a a first-rate draftsman.
What blossoms beautifully, withers fast.
TABLE OF GREEK CENTRAL BANK FIXING RATES, AUG 20.
Indonesia Telkom at 28 in New York.
So plans were laid to do it.
US late spot LPGs narrowly mixed in sleepy trade.
Mr Wilcox! and Wilcox turned to face him.
New Zealand dollar ends higher, seen range-trading.
The one-eyed is a king among the blind.
Turkey's Ciller suggests rise in export target.
For a brilliant man, you can be very nave.
The pitcher will go to the well once too often.
For companies the benefits of co-operation are clear.
At least not until there is customer demand, says the firm.
The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your own arm.
This was a classic example of a people's revolt.
All fellows at football.
A dog's nose and a maid's knees are always cold.
Recent research reveals the importance of kinship and lineage in non-human primates.
FCL Energy sees earnings rise.
A stout heart overcomes ill fortune.
Jordan announces economic reforms after riots.
If you starve for three days, there is no thought that does not invade your imagination.
There will always be more people wanting to act than there are jobs available.
The great question is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with failure.
and bulleted into a neighbouring galaxy, emerging
Reality, Futuremedia in agreement.
Uniwide unit to build mall in Baguio city.
Who carries doubtful people to his house, will doubtless from his carriage something lose.
Arel Communications Q2 full results.
Malaysia Powertek at premium ahead of listing.
Beware of men who flourish hereditary honors.
Essentially three loan packages are available for different income groups.
Neglect will sooner kill an injury than revenge.
SNB says it is more generous on money market.
Emergency declared as floods kill three in Lahore.
P O Box 12733, Suva, Fiji.
A typical classroom with wallbars and special furniture
Every one speaks of the fair as he himself finds it.
Those who did not work were better off, therefore?
The parings of a pippin are better than the whole crab.
Do as you would be done by.
I cough up and march towards the escalator.
A cake and a bad custom ought to be broken.
Mexico protests U.S. sanction against phone group.
What you cannot avoid, welcome.
Gone is gone; no Jew will lend upon it.
I want things to be done well, done on time.
Fools must not be set on eggs.
GRC Q4 net plunges into red.
Live near a lame man, and you will soon learn to limp.
The comforter's head never aches.
The wagon is seen near Duckmanton North.
Who runs is followed.
Through dangers to distinction.
No fence against a flail.
German opposition rejects cuts, govt stands firm.
By ignorance we mistake, and by mistakes we learn.
The case was brought by Devon's trading standards officers.
The toe of the star-gazer is often stubbed.
It is best to chill the beer slightly before drinking.
Some leased part of their own tenements while renting additional land.
Prime wrote off 130 million in a pre-tax restructuring charge.
Let every sheep hand by its own leg.
Legal aid taxation of appellant's costs.
It's Wyse's second OEM deal after Datapoint.
Despite Brazil's disastrous economic policies, its reserves have trebled since 1990, to 13 billion.
Time is God's and ours.
(Someone has described a similar awareness as faint, unidentifiable longings.)
NWE straight-run fuel-low sulphur eases with crude.
The more a man exposes his nakedness the colder he is.
Chess-Karpov to take on world in Internet chess game.
Rottweiler kills South African toddler.
MARSHALL 80 watt 1x12 Valvestate combo, as new.
Opportunity makes a thief.
That may be soon done, which brings long repentance.
The trouble lies in the move from VP to UP.
It is never too late to learn.
State the name of the signatory.
Moroccan King calls for &quot;yes&quot; vote in referendum.
There never was a shoe however handsome that did not become an ugly slipper.
The penalty attaching to evil deeds should be thought of in time.
It is easy to sit at the helm in fine weather.
The prices shown are per person based on two people sharing a twin/double room.
RUGBY UNION-HAWKINS QUITS AS NEW SOUTH WALES COACH.
Over Stonewall Hill, near Presteigne, it actually forms the border.
Where there is great love there is great pain.
He that has two hoards will get a third.
It is as much intemperance to weep too much, as to laugh too much.
Great men's sons seldom do well.
The older the fiddle the sweeter the tune.
He has him under his thumb.
They have met the idea of a vector as a crude arrow.
When the cat is away the mice will play.
At nine-fifteen, a middle-aged counter-clerk appeared.
Speak fitly or be silent wisely.
It is not the hen which cackles most that lays most eggs.
When a man's mode of life is contemptible, it follows that his preaching is treated with contempt.
The mountains are never so far apart but the animals find one another.
CRICKET-SCOREBOARD-AUSTRALIA V ZIMBABWE ONE-DAY SCOREBOARD.
National U.S. avg prices for farmer-owned reserve.
When the next house is on fire, 'tis high time to look to your own.
He who measures oil greases his hands.
Whom the Lord loveth he chasteneth.
Grey Advertising set to buy France's BDDP.
I have been told they are not compatible with the V8 engine.
Here Berger's roundabout, local-storyteller manner seems laboured.
and you should be the Woman of the House?
the tongue, rich hive of words,
This could occur at all levels.
But red lights go yellow and then green.
We were keen to do right by the priority groups.
Brussels bourse ends lower.
The rest of his collection is going under the hammer.
A single penny fairly got, is worth a thousand that are not.
Merck and Co sells Ostex stake.
However, curricular changes, joint teaching projects, and overall greater contact were seen necessary.
Don't, whatever you do, forget those photographs or your husband will go ape-shit.
Fish shipments continue to boost Brest air cargo.
If you are a host to your guest, be a host to his dog also.
AKTIA REVISES H1 PROFIT, SEES GOOD 1996 TREND.
The beggar may sing before the thief.
US late cash products bounce higher with NYMEX.
FOCUS- Handful of European refiners cut crude runs.
US forwarders eye FAA moves on air cargo security.
INDIAN DEBT - Government of India dated securities.
A man with a watch knows what time it is. A man with two watches is never sure.
Colombian troops in new clash with coca growers.
The millstone that lies undermost also helps to grind.
Yeltsin says unimpressed by Lebed in Chechnya - RIA.
A navvie sent a beautiful polished piece of stone from Spittal quarry.
Drink nothing without seeing it, sign nothing without reading it.
The Paris conference was a success for the Khmer Rouge.
It'll be one less to look after.
Roche says currencies had favourable effects.
And that is the subject of the remaining chapters.
Cashflow is very important to a business, particularly in its early years.
Jack put his arm round her shoulders and his other arm round Ho's.
It is not the hook or the rod, but the bait that lures.
IONIAN LEASING OPENS BRANCH IN THESSALONIKI.
Two good talkers are not worth one good listener.
We suggested time limits to be introduced for cycle use on the route.
You are but sowing in sand.
And when do you take over?
a couple of months ago, will it, will it be Maggie?
US late cash prods nurse wounds from bearish EIAs.
Autopsies have identified at least 24 different contaminants in their bodies.
A word to the wise.
Wiener St'sche expands into Germany.
Sickly U.K. manufacturing recovering slowly.
Former Iran leader says Tehran has slain 60 foes.
PRESS DIGEST - Yugoslavia - Aug 23.
All distances are as the Devon crow flies.
It is ill done to chain a dragon for roasting your meat.
PRESALE- Bloomingdale, Ill.
Investors apply for 7 mln JR West shares in offer.
Indian base metals steady in dull trade.
Medtronic Inc sets payout.
Pakistan State Oil up on product price increase.
Just down the road here it was just down in, in Howard Street.
U.S. soyoil weekly export sales highlights -- USDA.
Sr McLaughlin spent 22 years working in Africa 10 of them in Zimbabwe.
He is only bright that shines by himself.
Taiwan severs diplomatic ties with Niger.
Rather free in a foreign place than a slave back home.
Stage Stores Inc Q2 shr $0.06 vs $0.02.
Slow but sure.
SQLBase will be available on Sunsoft Inc's Solaris 2.0 implementation by September.
Smart Centre 16 months shr 67.6 cents.
If this was stimulated by selling off BR, so much the better.
Belgian police dig deep at suspect's house.
Dollar falls against mark, gains on yen.
When love puts in, friendship is gone.
Nigerian 56-day T-bill sold at average 11.7166 pct.
Yeo Hiap Seng Malaysia H1 net up 4.6 pct.
PRESS DIGEST - Washington Post business - Aug 23.
A farthing saved is twice earned.
A fool may chance to put something into a wise man's head.
Choose a horse made, and a wife to make.
There is nothing so good for the inside of a man as the outside of a horse.
The Press went mad on Doctor Who .
RTRS-CANBERRA WATCH - Colston exaggerates Senate fluidity.
French bond futures close lower, off day's lows.
because you have fallen beside me
When the word is out, it belongs to another.
Let every man praise the bridge he goes over.
Indian call market inactive as Bombay banks shut.
CRICKET-WAQAR SIGNS FOR GLAMORGAN.
He seeks renown by public applause.
Brazil, Bolivia to ratify gas pipeline Sept. 4.
No protection is so sure as that of innocence.
A wise man should never give his wife too much rein.
Bulgaria laggs behind few IMF reform targets - c.ban.
It's Thursday the nineteenth of March.
Your log book and C card (whatever school you follow) will be needed.
The end praises the work.
And what do you do in your spare time?
This is one very powerful reason why I am writing this chapter.
A good cavalier never lacks a lance.
PRESS DIGEST - France - Le Monde Aug 22.
I sold for 25 million and bought back for 17 million.
Statoil increases seismic activity.
Lebed to consult Moscow on Chechen peace deal.
NEDCOR IN $6 MLN LOAN FOR PTA BANK. [CORRECTED 14:30 GMT]
Then I put him away for two years.
This caused the aircraft to turn downwind rapidly.
But I thought yer was sayin' that Joe's bruvver got beaten up over Stepney.
Argentina placed $4.92 bln in reverse repos.
Before you make a friend eat a peck of salt with him.
The further reading in this area is enormous.
A bad mother wishes for good children.
I had come first in our exams and tests.
SoftKey International COO resigns.
Poverty is widespread and malnutrition is becoming increasingly evident among children and young people.
That was the plan from the start and it remains the plan.
This would increase the warning time of any possible surprise attack.
India HPCL says tie-up with Oman Oil on.
His policies, domestic and foreign, proved firmly Republican and conservative.
The Pope urges that students in seminaries should be taught about sex in seminaries.
For want of a nail the shoe is lost.
In more serious vein, Daedalus suggests using breathable foam to ventilate coal mines.
A peg for every hole.
The ability to recall a visual image.
One hair of a woman draws more than a bell-rope.
Yet in the 1870s, Batty Green was the centre of animated activity.
They support X11.5 and reportedly reach a 80,000 X stone-a-second drawing speed.
Sportmart Inc Q2 net drops.
A single arrow is easily broken, but not ten in a bundle.
Every one's faults are not written in their foreheads.
RESEARCH ALERT - Anergen started.
I'm going out to the East Indies India, Malaya, the Philippines
SOCCER-PLAYERS LEAVE MATCH EARLY TO CATCH PLANE.
She came between me and my wife.
Russia's Sibneft plans 500 billion rouble bond.
Be on a horse when you go in search of a better one.
These three take crooked ways: carts, boats, and musicians.
The frost hurts not weeds.
A snood is like a hairband with a net attached to it.
Jealousy is nourished by doubt.
No and yes cause long disputes.
Because we focused on the snake, we missed the scorpion.
Absence is a foe to love; out of sight out of mind.
A fair face will get its praise, though the owner keep silent.
S&amp;P assigns Royal &amp; Sun Alliance rating.
A lot of it is instinct, though, he admitted.
Further information can be obtained from RSGB .
What the she-wolf does (or brings forth) pleases the he-wolf.
Fond pride of dress is sure a very curse; Ere fancy you consult, consult your purse.
GOLF-GERMAN OPEN SECOND ROUND SCORES.
Mexico's Nafin says its lending program slow.
Changing position from sitting and standing
SLOVAK CHEMOLAK H1 NET PROFIT DIPS.
When God gives light he gives it for all.
Where there is content there is abundance.
If you ever need a helping hand you'll find one at the end of your arm.
I thought I had no husband, and I eat up the stew.
The diamond cannot be polished without friction, nor the man perfected without trials.
All months of Tokyo corn futures end higher.
A galled horse does not care to be curried.
Reported by Christopher Champness Esq., Barrister
We'll have to work hard, but we'll be happy.
RTRS-FORECAST - News seen rebounding in 96/7.
In the fray the weak are strong.
Listen to the sound of the river and you will get a trout.
Polish bourse kerb bond deals - Aug 26.
Mistakes are to be pardoned.
The people want to be deceived.
Practice no vice because it's trivial; neglect no virtue because it's so.
SOCCER-LEADING FRENCH LEAGUE SCORERS.
One does not breed a good bitch in her first heat.
Cimpor rises on BFE price hopes.
Handsomely asked, handsomely refused.
Abundance does not spread; famine does.
SOCCER-PACE-SETTERS LENS EXPECT TOUGH TEST AT NANTES.
But they flatly refused to relinquish their grip on power.
Siam Tyre to pay 10 baht 6-month dividend.
INDIA - Ceat quotes on government securities-Aug 23.
Hargreaves was a rich amalgam of natural gifts and sensibilities.
Where nn = number of entries
Saxony premier defends VW subsidies.
Iridium completes $750 million credit facility.
And lay tired limbs on stinking straw, or chaff!
Chess champ Karpov beats virtual world in 32 moves.
UNISYS NAMES NEW CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER
Gifts from enemies are dangerous.
Better afield with the birds than hanging on lords.
BULGARIA TO SEEK EXTRADITION OF SUSPECTED EMBEZZLER.
A fair exchange brings no quarrel.
Other foods that can be placed in the compartment include caterpillars and small insects.
He that pryeth into every cloud may be stricken with a thunderbolt.
Essentials fell even more sharply, but is above target.
Offe believes that the institutional operations of the state are guided by three conditions.
Canadian union picks Chrysler as strike target.
China denies it aiding Pakistan missile plant.
I believe in the divinity of Christ
Leave the minster where it is.
VNU POSTS HIGHER INTERIM PROFIT DESPITE TV LOSSES.
If the fish had not opened its mouth, it would not have been caught.
Singapore bunkers price hike spooks buyers.
There was a great deal about Christopher in it which was hard for Clarissa.
adopted a policy of continuous improvement
There are tricks in all trades.
Legal aid taxation of appellants' costs.
The remedy for dirt is soap and water. The remedy for dying is living.
God preserve you, my dear, dear lad.
NWE naphtha firmer as crude rallies.
The beggar's wallet has no bottom.
RESEARCH ALERT - Newbridge EPS raised.
We don't stand a chance, Rosheen cried despairingly.
Consider the legal implications of the above events and advise Lydia.
Her response, when he'd said he hadn't read Varvara, had shown guilt.
You anoint the dead man with salve.
PRESS DIGEST - Denmark - Aug 21.
If you would be a good judge, hear what every one says.
Hollinger Inc Q2 net share profit flat.
She stated, I did it to stop the child crying.
You don't show a fool a job half done.
A fool may meet with good fortune, but the wise only profits by it.
It is not prepared to answer its predicament or disclose its recent whereabouts.
The dog that means to bite don't bark.
Many a pupil has gained more wealth than his master.
Funeral sermon, lying sermon.
Make haste slowly.
Beauty carries its dower in its face.
Kmart appoints senior vice president.
This generosity is, it seems, partly due to regional rivalry.
Russia may freeze $7 million more bonds-banking sources.
The roses fall, the thorns remain.
I'm afraid we get a bit of vandalism here, and practical joking.
A kind word can attract even the snake from his nest.
A rogue says "Yes" to what a rogue says.
TVB cautious on outlook for second half.
Though you teach a wolf the paternoster, he will say "Lamb! Lamb!"
If Saint Paul's day be fair and clear, it will betide a happy year.
Vietnam to try leading dissidents this week.
U.S. Air Force cancels most flights for review.
Why do you think that? said Mr Snakeskin.
Even then, Cork had a late chance to equalise but screwed his shot wide.
Kyoritsu Air Tech -1996 parent forecast.
We are all equal before death.
Paula spotted a phone box near a crossroads.
Boris Yeltsin, the younger, to study in England.
Different fields, different grasshoppers; different seas, different fish.
Subject matter can often be fleeting never more so than when on holiday.
Long live our hero, whom the mountains of Tasgi have brought forth!
A cat may look at a king.
Despise not a small wound, a poor kinsman, or an humble enemy.
New rules threaten Dutch soybean plant - Cargill.
This compares with a loss last time of 47.4m.
Good bargains are ruinous.
He that lives with cripples learns to limp.
And they do away with cumbersome expense claims and time-consuming paperwork.
Canadian mother killed saving son from cougar.
Burning, stinging, itching eruptions worse () heat.
The peacock hath fair feathers but foul feet.
But this is not ordinary civil litigation: it concerns children.
China is in no hurry to import palm oil.
No matter where you go, your destiny follows you.
There is no virtue in a promise unless it be kept.
Alaska Housing Finance Corporation final pricing.
Renounce the devil, and thou shalt wear a shabby coat.
He sits well who can rise without help.
Some, like Klemperer, have brought a knowledge of composing to the podium.
Everybody's friends and nobody's friend is all one.
Gray and green make the worst medley.
Buy your greyhound, don't rear him.
Bulgaria may import 150,000 T wheat from EU.
Turn your money when you hear the cuckoo, and you'll never be without it during the year.
Murder will out.
Mexico says Japan to grant it $940 mln in aid.
Dictators ride to and fro upon tigers which they dare not dismount.
Acknowledgement is half of correction.
Every one preaches for his own saint.
However, learning hierarchies for only very simple tasks have been analysed.
Be honorable yourself if you wish to associate with honorable people.
Malaysia trade surpluses seen promising trend.
Marriage is honourable, but housekeeping is a shrew.
The well-fed sheep makes a cloak of its tail.
To violate the law is the same crime in the emperor as in the subject.
Ukraine celebrates year five of independence.
As numerous as the leaves of the oak, or the waves which wash the island.
Novell Inc unveils intranet product.
The jury can say what it thinks later.
I said the children were upstairs and I would go and fetch them.
He that hath plenty of goods shall have more.
He is a perfectionist, and he is impatient.
Arabian Oil - 6mth parent results.
The gentleman with the white waistcoat
US Treasury 2-yr note sale seen yielding 6.16 pct.
GRABOPLAST 'S SOTEX EXPECTS STRONG H2.
Slowly the offer of bail was seeping into his understanding.
Every day a thread makes a skein in the year.
This argument, however, is clearly untenable as a simple analogy will illustrate.
Hedges have no eyes, but they have ears.
NWE gas oil firmer, Brazil snaps up 60,000 tonnes.
Thus initial gh symbolise f, and final ti cannot symbolise sh in English.
Mobil boss slams U.S. trade sanctions policy.
He that finds something before it is lost, will die before he is sick.
Taiwan plans overseas lobby to attract investments.
Only a few miles upstream was the Dal Cataract.
At present the opportunities they provide for cost cutting are more to the fore.
French cabinet agonizes over African immigrants.
Plant it in a Gro-bag and water it every day.
More people are slain by supper than by the sword.
On both banks steep hills were darkening with the sunset.
Hopes rise of Bass /Allied deal today.
Yugoslav trade mission wraps up Sarajevo visit.
And this is one of the first points to note about children's gun play.
Silence is also speech.
It is good to buy when another wants to sell.
The man was passionate about building links with local human rights activists.
Moroccan c. bank made no new injection at auction.
Give time time.
U.S. September S&amp;P 500s finish down but off lows.
Great fish feed on the lesser.
Foster a raven and it will peck out your eyes.
Talk of trend to longer Eurodollar debt overblown.
Old Trafford is not called a theatre of dreams for nothing.
No advance booking is necessary on most departures.
A restive morsel needs a spur of wine.
From TONY SMITH of Associated Press
Likely lies in the mire when Unlikely gets over.
Agent, asking for me, somebody, anybody to ghost write an autobiography for Alex Higgins.
Clinton calls for tightening of handgun curbs. [CORRECTED 05:22 GMT]
RTRS-Genetic cane seen transforming sugar industry.
It's his failure to punch home his underlying theme.
When the cat and mouse agree, the grocer is ruined.
There's neither rhyme nor reason.
Sanlam calls for details on SAfrican economic plan.
China sets up big copper group in Yunnan.
Books with further advice on dealing with professionals are included in Suggested Reading.
It's a spontaneous feeling; you can put it all down in one go.
You caused a minor earthquake vanishing like that.
Five days of close assessment was a very daunting prospect.
MGE spring wheat ends firm on CBOT spillover.
Carver Federal Savings to stay independent. [CORRECTED 20:55 GMT]
Where God builds a church, the devil builds a chapel.
PEOPLE think they are more attractive than they really are, researchers were told yesterday.
Iowa-S Minn cattle market not well tested - USDA.
You must judge a man by the work of his hands.
No sooner have you spoken than what you have said becomes the property of another.
When the wine goes in the wit goes out.
Solicitors: Crown Prosecution Service, Fraud Investigation Group; Whitelock Storr.
you only have one level five for all
The best place to find a helping hand is at the end of your own arm.
Raw leather will stretch.
Operations in the UK and Belgium continue.
In a restaurant choose a table near a waiter.
Of course, she said quickly, her professional mask never slipping.
Finally, the crisis killed the already enfeebled Dreikaiserbund .
RTRS-Australia stocks close lower as bonds dive.
You are more shifting than a potter's wheel.
Experience in court shows how rare this is.
Sir Ernst rose above the dopey format.
If the sky were to fall we should catch plenty of larks.
Dole slices into Clinton's lead, polls show.
A litigious man, a liar.
A horse of good breed is not dishonored by his saddle.
WorldCom to acquire MFS for $14 billion.
Drinking a little too much is drinking a great deal too much.
Do not make me kiss, and you will not make me sin.
essay, either work your book or, and get it
I checked daily, in September, until the point where they were almost ripe.
Giraffe Catfish can have a home for 250.
Delphis Hanover weekly municipal bond yields.
All my eye and Betty Martin.
It is more wicked to love a sin than to commit one.
French stocks end up, off best after BoF rate cut.
How near to guilt without actual guilt.
MOTOCROSS-SWEDISH 500CC GRAND PRIX RESULTS.
It is in giving that we receive.
It is the master-wheel that makes the mill go round.
One-day strike at Gecamines plant did not spread.
Every one basteth the fat hog, while the lean one burneth.
Korea's Chun faces battle to escape hangman's noose.
If the servant grows rich and the master poor, they are both good for nothing.
Soldiers must be well paid, and well hanged.
I knew what was going on.
The present chapter has given the level-of-analysis problem a new dimension.
Labouchere reiterates Nutricia strong Buy.
Danish shares continue advances in hail of results.
Valenzuela insists he's willing to return to Chile.
Taking ideas and improving them is much more valuable than mere imitation.
SOCCER-LITTLE GUINGAMP REACH UEFA CUP.
Then it'll fit on very easily.
Psalm 42: 11; John 10: 10b; Romans 8: 11.
Fast as the hare runs, the greyhound outruns her, since he catches her.
The union-backed PT favours an immediate debt moratorium and statutory controls on company profits.
Slovak c.bank reserves slipped to $3.7 bln -Aug 21.
A gadding girl is rarely coy.
Tan Chong Motor H1 beats forecasts.
The miller's hen and widower's maid, of want need never be afraid.
I saw a man, who saw another man, who saw the sea.
There's no need to fear the wind if your haystacks are tied down.
A good gaper makes two gapers.
The old branch breaks when it is bent.
German ZEW details 6-mth major nations forecasts.
Most of the masonry is here, says Stewart.
Summer 1993 prices available from Sept.
And there's all this sort of undergrowth.
The greatest oaks have been little acorns.
Belgian police in sex-abuse hunt for kidnap girls.
Lowndes is expected to show a 17m pre-tax first half loss this week.
NBP SELLS PLN 91 MLN OF BONDS AT OUTRIGHT.
InterTAN Inc Q4 June 30 loss grows.
It moves on afterwards to a variety of holiday destinations throughout Britain and Europe.
Endocare gets $1.5 mln credit facility.
Proportion your expenses to what you have, not what you expect.
Aspects of the novel were changed.
Not every sort of wood is fit to make an arrow.
Direct your consciousness back into your body.
That's but an empty purse which is full of other men's money.
Dearth foreseen never came.
Whose life is as lightning, his words are as thunder.
Or even write some sort of clue into the message.
Ross Systems June 30 Q4 net profit vs loss.
The block of wood should not dictate to the carver.
SOCCER-GRAY, O'NEILL AND LENNON RECALLED BY NORTHERN IRELAND.
Dollar fails to shake narrow ranges by late Europe.
After examining her the chief pondered her problem outside the door of the ward.
Israel Discount Bank Q2 net up.
ACRI Alpha machines are not due until the end of 1995.
But patience is becoming hard to sustain.
The story, however, aroused similar interests from more than one company.
A penny in time is as good as a dollar.
There will be significant regional variations.
There was a suggestion of enthusiasm in her voice when she replied: Yeah.
Hatred corrodes the vessel in which it is stored.
Gnaw the bone which is fallen to thy lot.
A bold attempt is half success.
FINAL PRICING - Intermountain Power Agency.
Belarussian rouble fixed lower at 14,400 per dolla.
You cannot tickle a hungry person.
PRESS DIGEST - Bosnia - Aug 20.
And the whole style in churches changed.
LeisureNet takes 50 pct of schools group.
The cow gives milk through her mouth.
LCE white sugar lightly mixed in listless trade.
Brazil said cancelling U.S. wheat for Argentine.
Man is like a banana: when he leaves the bunch, he gets skinned.
Centrally locally in rich touring area.
Won't it be wonderful to have our own home at last?
An army of sheep led by a lion would defeat an army of lions led by a sheep.
Every man goes down to his death bearing in his hands only that which he has given away.
Israel's Healthcare Tech Q2 net loss.
Discover not your silent money (i.e. your hoarded money) to anybody.
The master's foot is manure for the estate.
We are now in the business of clearing the air, not spoiling it.
He came time enough who was hung by candlelight.
But Wall Street and London both fell 0.8%.
This is it, then, she said.
The bitter cup we strive to remove from us holds the medicine we are most in need of.
North Korean trade office to open in Hong Kong.
Minneapolis deliverable oat stocks.
A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience.
And his heart soared to wherever his Beth was in that moment.
India nuclear stance kindles calls for the bomb.
F.O. LICHT - Daily coffee report.
Registered Office: 1 Bartholomew Lane, London, EC2N 2AB.
Ms Sellers was not at home.
What's good for the goose is good for the gander.
Both units contain magnets that are claimed to flocculate algae and prevent green water.
He is a fool who loses the flight for the leap.
His teaching film was a classic.
It is hard to find a pin in the dark.
No word is ill spoken, that is not ill taken.
The context for this argument is a critique of post-modernism.
I shall pick out what I think is the decisive sentence:
Canon Chemicals -6mth parent results.
U.S. says three firms sign price-fixing plea deals.
Right so you worked out that you've only got to learn half of them.
We're looking forward to the opportunity of helping.
When drink is in, wit is out.
Showa Aluminum - 96/97 group forecast.
Bonn tops up 5-yr, 10-yr bonds by 1 bln dmk,
Idleness is the key of beggary.
It could all have been so different, so glorious.
CRICKET-MALIK CENTURY GUARANTEES PAKISTAN SERIES WIN.
Imasco says CT to sell U.S. unit.
There was nothing Wilson could say or do.
U.S. Prudential to reply to allegations Sept. 9.
All wooers are rich, and all captives poor.
This is Duckmanton South after closure, but with all signalling still intact.
Who goes and returns makes a journey.
Unminded, unmoaned.
It was the saddest part of the whole voyage.
Norske Skog sees weaker full year result.
Pakistani stocks end sharply down on blue chips.
Borland CFO David Mullin leaving company.
Finally, though, we staggered into the air.
PRESS DIGEST - Sweden - Aug 27.
Are people really going to buy PCs without true blue Intel inside?
Children suck the mother when they are young and the father when they are old.
With patience and time the mulberry leaf becomes a silk gown.
Unfortunately melatonin is not yet commercially available.
Then there is our gentle guide, Kan Phardidh.
He that is good for something is the ass of the public.
National carlot beef trade weekly review - USDA.
Singapore bunkers firm with crude, enquiries thin.
Unemployment might depend on the individual's capacity.
But how was the connection made?
U.S. HEADLINE STOCKS - Issues to watch.
FGIC qualifies five muni issues for bond insurance.
It is hard to make a confident prediction.
The heart of the wise man lies quiet like limpid water.
Better make a short circuit than to wet your hose.
Do not spur a free horse.
He who strikes another on the neck, does not strike far from the head.
7pm Wigmore Hall 4-7 Pinchas Zukerman The American violinist's only London recital this season.
He that would be healthy, must eat temperately, and sup early.
A good swordsman is never quarrelsome.
But the rebellion was further evidence of a military divided.
Western Cornbelt hogs carcass close - USDA.
If one finger brought oil it soiled others.
Nothing is so new as what has long been forgotten.
Full results of Bundesbank poll - repo cut seen.
NWE naphtha gains $2 on short supplies.
But his colleague received the flower gracefully.
UK SFA fines New Japan Securities Europe.
Ethiopian river floods sugar cane fields, homes.
There come just as many calf-skins as cow-skins to market.
Fenwicks of Bond Street in London have a great selection on offer.
BASEBALL-MAJOR LEAGUE STANDINGS AFTER THURSDAY'S GAMES.
I couldn't understand it or analyse it, but it was there.
The awful thing is that I had a chance to meet him.
B.A.T to set up new firm in India --ITC.
A hundred men can make an encampment, but it requires a woman to make a home.
Death defies the doctor.
Taken as a whole, the essays demonstrate the scope of Nochlin's work.
No more has anyone else, came the rejoinder.
Hunger looks in at the industrious man's door but dares not enter.
ZIMBABWE DOLLAR ENDS WEAKER AGAINST UNITS.
UK schoolboys' DNA tests negative in French murder.
Happy is he who knows his follies in his youth.
Rentokil profits soar, to change name.
First at Calder Hall, then at Sellafield.
The goose, the stuffing, the Christmas pud, they were all realities.
He does not have to worry any longer about the slither and the slush.
Metrobank sets US$50 mln FRCD.
And to the estimation in which he was held
You are carrying owls to Athens.
The wise hand does not all that the tongue says.
Speak little, speak truth. Spend little, pay cash.
BOE invites band 1,2 bills, shortage 850 mln stg.
There's no handsome woman on the wedding day, except the bride.
Port conditions update - Italy - Lloyds Shipping.
He knows the water best who has waded through it.
Keep no secrets of thyself from thyself.
SHELL CDA raises Canada heavy oil prices.
PRESS DIGEST - Ivory Coast - Aug 20.
Paul had died at ten o'clock that morning.
He has appeared before me in person.
PRESS DIGEST - Nigeria - Aug 26.
Belgian 2006 OLO auctioned at average 6.653 pct.
You have hit the nail on the head.
Lies and gossip have a wretched offspring.
It is usual to prepare the seed parent first.
He said that we should be taking 100,000 deaths per year seriously.
A 9 million charge was included for the costs of the October 17 earthquake.
Imis is supplying both Wang and Cincinatti Bell with their Unix imaging products.
Brevity is the soul of wit.
They know each other, recognise each other, says John Berger of these figures.
That which is despised is often most useful.
Even Europe is becoming a united country, not a continent any longer.
CRAY SIGN OEM AGREEMENT WITH CORAL NETWORK
He who wishes to make a golden door drives a nail into it every day.
The kettle smuts the frying-pan.
It is never too late to mend.
Ideally, this information should be given in advance.
U.S. West next-day power rises, back-months steady.
Taiwan prepares plans to curb China investment.
Different patterns of social life obtain in different areas of the city.
Tiger Medicals 1st-half net falls 2 pct.
The people do not know what has changed, but they sense that something has.
Peoples Heritage deal approved by holders.
ATHLETICS-JOHNSON RETURNS TO ACTION WITH EASY WIN.
Maura felt the heightened awareness that comes with lovemaking.
Love thy neighbour, but pull not down thy hedge.
There is nothing more telling than wit.
CBOT soy products close higher as soybeans rally.
As the struggle over levels of relief intensified, so the Alliance lost further ground.
Irwin Financial Corp sets payout.
When she got back, the case was exactly right for the job.
Vice ruleth when gold reigneth.
He that gives time to resolve, gives time to deny, and warning to prevent.
Ecuador's recovery to focus on five sectors - Concha.
The best swimmer is the first to drown himself.
For news of the heart, ask the face.
P&amp;U sets Q3 dividend at $0.27/share.
The art is not in making money, but in keeping it.
The mud of one country is the medicine of another.
Was one gold star, and then another
Roper Industries Inc Q3 net rises.
Turkish shares post modest gains ahead of weekend.
He plays well that wins.
But what you don't understand is that it's Leo I'm doing it for.
FOCUS - Danish politicians, bosses decry budget.
You've always been one of the gentry, used to grand balls and such.
BALANCE - Amsterdam, N.Y., at $2.7 mln.
Five hours sleepeth a traveller, seven a scholar, eight a merchant, and eleven every knave.
Keeping to time on Welsh Coast specials
They've caught the man who did it.
Reported by Christopher Champness Esq., Barrister
Only &quot;details&quot; in way of UK tube deal - RMT union.
Golden Hope year profit beats forecasts.
FOCUS - Price war hurts Lufthansa earnings.
Was that Gilbert who was with you just now?
Together we are a great nation.
He that was born under a three-halfpenny planet shall never be worth twopence.
PRESS DIGEST - Sri Lanka newspapers - August 20.
Moslem nationalist party ponders election boycott.
So please be a good dog.
Length of time rots a stone.
He's squeaky clean he gets high flying his own plane.
Evil is soon done, but slowly mended.
And you could talk about it yes I I think that's it.
And er nitrate, mm, a chile saltpetre.
PRESS DIGEST - Netherlands - August 23.
Order of House of Lords as to costs dated 13 June 1991 discharged.
Northside ISD, Texas, won by ABN AMRO.
in the library or down here we have to do
It's a pain being so repressed, he more or less says.
Labour conquers all things.
Determinants of the rate of price inflation
Take off your hat to your yesterdays; take off your coat for your tomorrows.
Dublin corners Korea fund market in Europe.
Silence is the best answer to the stupid. The fool has his answer on the tip of his tongue.
SIEMENS FORMS JOINT VENTURE WITH CHINESE
Your gradient would be would come out sort of all wrong then.
Kurdish group says two killed in Iraqi shelling.
A king's chaff is worth more than other men's corn.
When the child cuts its teeth, death is on the watch.
FirstFed authorizes share buyback.
Alaska Air unit orders 25 Bombardier planes.
Cattle stealers had to outwit a government with a modern, bureaucratic structure.
The rain wets the leopard's spots but does not wash them off.
Why did you let me go in there?
A lie has short legs.
In that quiet country village, the years passed peacefully.
Czech shares steady, mkt awaits end of holidays.
Cos that was the first one that you know.
Sewell, Spooner and Simonds became members of the council of the Royal College.
Good exports seen boosting Malaysia palm oil prices.
To this, Ms Crooks added: Talking of prizes, how about it?
Her tutor's in one bundle; the three thin sheaves, Mr James's, Constanza's, Michel's.
PRESS DIGEST - Netherlands - Aug 27.
Jennifer thinks I'm a real hero, said Sly.
PI-CONSULTING TO SURVEILLANCE LIST - BOURSE.
Min Xin up on Xiamen bank listing report.
The US provides more than 1 million a day to the Salvadorean Government.
Dogs have so many friends because they wag their tails, not their tongues.
Are any of his paintings on view anywhere?
It is time for Ulster's people to make Ulster's laws.
SECTOR GROWTH POTENTIAL PRICED IN TVK - BAGC.
None is offended but by himself.
RTRS - Adelaide Brighton yr net loss widens.
Top UK union sees Labour phasing in minimum wage.
FOCUS - W.German Ifo climate index jumps in July.
He labors vainly, who endeavors to please every person.
For more information contact WIM, 89 Tufnell Park Road, London N7 0PS.
Long absence changes friends.
IBM PERSONAL SOFTWARE PRODUCTS ON THE MOVE
For the last comer the bones.
Indian silver closes up, gold down.
Don't make waves.
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE ATTACKING THE ENEMY.
Grant Geophysical gets $20 mln contracts.
HK 91-day bills average accepted yield 5.14 pct.
Live your own life, for you will die your own death.
Cagle's Inc sets qtly $0.03/shr.
Widows' children turn out well.
Lovers' quarrels are love redoubled.
If the bitch were not in haste, she would not litter blind puppies.
New York physical copper market.
Meanwhile, BP staff watched the fund management contingent closely but were disappointed.
The After-Thought (xxxiv) is famous, but try to read more than this.
RTRS - Australia growth, price outlook favourable - RBA.
It will be seen that not all these nine items are of equal weight.
Paris plays conciliatory card on hunger strike.
It's Saturday night and they may not come.
RTRS-Comalco sees tough 1996 second half.
God cures the sick, and the doctor gets the money.
Canada daily lumber export figures to U.S..
He must stoop that has a low door.
Love makes time pass; time makes love pass.
Four bombs hit Corsica, no casualties.
What was a broadly based culture has become a field of specialization.
Promodes jumps on German sale talk.
Obligations can also be imposed upon individuals or groups of individuals by treaty.
Such a cohesive transformation under molecular drive could initiate new modes of biological organisation.
Peru's Edelnor sets share dividend.
Venezuela bolivar ends flat, supported by Cenbank.
He will also get a national squad of over 100 players into place.
Is it all right here for you, Jane?
SunRiver Data renamed with product launch.
Borrowing brings care.
Hap and a halfpenny are world's gear enough.
When she died the joint tenancy still subsisted.
If you want to be respected, you must respect yourself.
This is commendable in districts where parents have a contribution to make.
HORSE RACING-YORKSHIRE OAKS RESULT.
UK lists six bidders for social security property.
BALANCE - Allen, Texas, schools at $4.6 mln.
When the cord is tightest it is nearest snapping.
Suit against Lloyd's dismissed in New York.
The second main question then follows Is the evidence reasonable?
IPO PRICING - Atria at $10, well below $13-$15 range.
We've held these principles for more than thirty five years as we do today.
Gently but firmly.
It is camaraderie on the most ordinary level.
DPP appeals in Wapping police case.
He that has good legs, has often bad boots.
Riches are gotten with pain, kept with care, and lost with grief.
War ends nothing.
Sudanese plane hijackers release 160 hostages.
Fear not the man who fears God.
Quick and well seldom go together.
The pitcher that goes often to the well leaves either its handle or its spout there.
We're not out to position Windows NT as a replacement for Unix.
FUND VIEW-John Hancock Special Equities Fund.
Sumida Electronics -1996 parent forecast.
I was just sitting here wondering why men don't have this image problem?
Britain is blamed by China for HK fears
Still a chance for free Bosnia elections - Cotti.
But we recognise that any regulation requiring this would be very difficult to enforce.
But I don't deserve to be loved.
It might be the jolt had awakened her.
Good wine ruins the purse, and bad the stomach.
The revenge of an idiot is without mercy.
Thus her picture saved the lost gestures of his.
Excess in anything becomes a vice.
And if someone makes you choose?
He who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love.
The supermarket group gave 1.3 million to community causes in 1990.
And I've had so , examinations and my doctor is very good!
The scythe ran into a stone.
Small stocks do better under Dem. presidents - study.
Democratic delegate torn between Clinton, Elvis.
A king's castle is his home.
The picture is estimated at 250,000280,000 (156,250175,000).
Go and get them up here.
He who buts a horse buys care.
If you have much, give of your wealth; if you have little, give of your heart.
That which covers thee discovers thee.
She succeeds Anne Watson who now works as WACC's Information Assistant.
The house is very quiet and the wind has stopped.
Who proves too much proves nothing.
Labour will end Tory government meddling in the valuable work of the British Council.
Ho looked up at the dawn-streaked sky.
U.S. municipal bond and tax ballot proposals.
There are other less common artefacts whose possible functions have been considered elsewhere.
Lloyd's of London serves notice of emergency stay.
Christians protest as Manila, rebels finalise deal.
Try their new moisturising treatment mascara at 6.95.
Two birds of prey do not keep each other company.
He also served as Secretary of WACC's African Regional Association for some years.
Walk with your slippers until you can find your shoes.
In the country of the blind blessed is he that hath one eye.
He goes far that never turns.
Reagan may well have been the reincarnation of Henry II.
West Bromwich Moat House Hotel C
Thousands reported killed in Burundi,rights group.
Pay in like coin.
Right and it's thirteen pounds fifty so how much change?
So at this stage, the creak remains a mystery.
What's more, there are no charges for currency conversion or handling.
Designers' Saturday was transplanted from New York eight years ago.
Health Risk Management Inc Q4 June 30 net.
Fortune rarely brings good or evil singly.
United pays $100 mln extra for MetraHealth.
It's probably just a phase we're going through.
Where there is life there is hope.
you you can tell yourself now that you you're really
RESEARCH ALERT - Novell downgraded.
Johnson County, Texas, $500,000 single-A - Moody's.
The news was deeply worrying for Branson.
F.O. LICHT - Daily sugar report.
The fool speaks, the wise man listens.
He should not complain of being cheated who buys the cloth by the sample.
RTRS-Australian Stocks to Watch Today - Aug 21.
KTP Holdings year net loss HK$20.4 mln.
Love him who tells you your faults in private.
But he had no reason to fear me.
Alberta grain production seen rising, canola lower.
You may call that your own which no one can take from you.
Compete not with a friend.
What smarts teaches.
In nursing, however, it seems that anything is good enough.
Indian soymeal exporters sign deals, prices strong.
No man is his craft's master the first day.
The romance, however, did not survive.
The same rules apply if you're fitting a dado rail.
What is worthwhile must needs be difficult.
One's own simple bread is much better than someone else's pilaf.
Men never moan over the opportunities lost to do good, only the opportunities to be bad.
hangs a giant fig leaf on Moby Dick
Singapore share index ends up in quiet trade.
Never sell the bearskin till you have killed the bear.
Young men's knocks old men feel.
He lay in the tent and listened to the wind outside.
The Labour Party Conference: Skinner cheered over water shares
I am not in any area satisfied that the psychic gifts are of God.
Japan banks to provide $237 million to Thai firm.
More naked than the cast-off skin of a serpent.
Monks, mice, rats, vermin, seldom sunder without harming.
Investor posts H1 profit 11.61 bln SKR.
Swiss BAK revises down '96 forecast to 0.4 pct drop.
U.S. July natgas stocks continue seasonal climb.
PRESALE - Peekskill City School District, N.Y..
Set the stitches by steaming lightly on wrong side, if pressing instructions permit.
And I've never met an electronic sailor.
Finnish Postipankki sees weaker H2 profit.
The higher flood hath always the lower ebb.
It's ill waiting for dead men's shoes.
I jus' loathe and detest 'im.
Consideration gets as many victories as rashness loses.
The sea that fish for every man.
Singapore bunker final report and prices - Aug 26.
Singapore bunkers little changed, demand average.
Each room lay in stillness, the air unstirred by breathing.
RTRS-Costello says would like to see 97/98 balance.
Spare well and spend well.
FHLMC issues $228.5 mln Strip 178.
Dolly becomes hurricane, makes Yucatan landfall.
RALLYING-INQUIRY AFTER CRASH KILLS SPECTATOR.
They look at the greens, but steal the bacon.
Popular agitation leads to justice.
It is more necessary to guard the mouth than the chest.
If you always say No, you'll never be married.
CREATIVE TECHNOLOGY SUING ANOTHER SINGAPORE COMPANY
Wickedness with beauty is the devil's hook baited.
Misfortunes never come singly.
Novell Inc unveils intranet product.
KCBT wheat ends higher in short-covering rally.
Hughes Supply Inc raises quarterly dividend.
U.S. West Coast power seen steady despite fires.
Be not ashamed of mistakes and thus make them crimes.
Has Clinton really shed 15 to 20 pounds?.
Joy is like the ague; one good day between two bad ones.
A dose of adversity is often as needful as a dose of medicine.
Indonesia's Danareksa indicative bonds prices.
He maintains he achieved his high pass rate by year-long cramming with similar papers.
Amerigas says deal adds 10,850 customers.
The only victory over love is flight.
Israel, Egypt seek common ground in Paris talks.
China cuts interest rates, says no policy change.
Now having seen one miracle, Hong Kong rugby wants another one from Simpkin.
NWE jet fuel steady, Med strong with avails scarce.
Worse () at night, with sinking and exhaustion.
Indonesia to announce details on trawler imports.
But that is not his best deal.
First Federal Financial sets payout.
Good fortune may forebode bad luck, which may in turn disguise good fortune.
His secret weapon has been a three-wood he first used last June.
With built-in UV, the units are known as the Ultraclear.
But the problem remained of seeing and being seen.
Between the hand and the mouth the soup is lost.
CFM Technologies Inc Q3 July 31 net rises.
Every one is wise when the mischief is done.
Indian sugar prices steady despite low demand.
Philippine latest census shows population 68 mln.
But such a visit hardly needs a precise purpose to be fruitful.
A bad wife wishes her husband's heel turned homewards, and not his toe.
I don't believe in negotiating in public with Alastair Morton (Eurotunnel chairman), he said.
This would be done by limiting exculpatory mistakes to those based on reasonable grounds.
Although the monkey might dress in silk, monkey it still is.
Better come at the latter end of a feast than the beginning of a fray.
Ecuador bank liquidity up 1.35 pct week to Aug 9.
Seeing is better than hearing.
Committee calls for U.S. Stockpile sales effort.
The best is the cheapest.
Even after establishing a separate party, his authority was anything but absolute.
This month, events are due to prove you right.
No man learneth but by pain or shame.
We could be economically prosperous, environmentally responsible and educated to our full potential.
Having a positive attitude makes life so much better.
And yes, I did make gingerbread men with currants for their eyes, didn't you?
The oldest trees often bear the sweetest fruit.
Don't scuffle with the potter, for he makes money by the damage.
You've probably got a bit of cold coming on.
You may need to form alliances for your ideas.
Brazil shares end off on lack of news, trade weak.
Hyundai Electronics plans IPO to beat bad news.
The bust of Mercury cannot be carved in every wood.
PRESS DIGEST - Turkey - Aug 23.
It was the thought of the coming purge he found stupendous.
Money advances meacocks.
The cuckoo comes in April, Sings a song in May; Then in June another tune, And then she flies away.
The above spare time could also include re-activating the full 39 Squadron Association Membership.
Chicago deliverable wheat stocks.
He that desires honour is not worthy of honour.
Solicitors: Director of Legal Services, Kent County Council, Maidstone; Daniel Edwards, Ramsgate; Girlings, Margate.
It's always the same group of people.
For details please send an sae to UK rep at the following address:.
GREEK FISCAL DEVELOPMENTS ARE GOOD, SAYS FINMIN.
Layovers for meddlers.
A fish should swim thrice: in water, in sauce, and in wine.
TIVOLI MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK HAS NOT BEEN DROPPED BY OSF
The SQR Family supports Sybase, Oracle, Rdb, Ingres, Informix, SQL Base and SQL Server.
Fidelity Federal to buy back stock.
So says Christ to the church in Philadelphia.
Mr has handed me your driving licence.
The workmanship surpassed the material.
United orders jets worth $4.4 billion.
NASD warns investors on Net risks, rewards.
Much ado and little help.
Reward sweetens labour.
Were they really going to use us, and for this?
It's hard to catch hawks with empty hands.
Add small pieces of smoked salmon for a delicious breakfast!
Amanieu de Fossat, knight, lieutenant of the senescfial of Gascony.
He who pays well is well served.
The cat would eat fish but would not wet her feet.
The higher the monkey climbs the more he shows his tail.
A bar of iron continually ground becomes a needle.
The pillaging of companies by those who control them is now all too common.
Mobil to invest in China LPG wharf.
So am I. So am I.
It's quite intense this isn't it?
A blind man is not judge of colours.
Now we are taking the task forward, with even greater confidence and momentum.
Thinking is the essence of wisdom.
Handsome is not what is handsome, but what pleases.
Rights group says thousands killed in Burundi.
a goddess in human form with her symbol, the scorpion, on her head.
Six hours sleep for a man, seven for a woman, and eight for a fool.
Roche sees higher '96 profit, good H2.
Czech shares mixed as PX50 index edges higher.
RTRS-Australia's unions says budget attacks needy.
Never say die.
After mischance every one is wise.
But on the inside, the revolution has already arrived.
De Craon's an excitable man, he replied, and a bit of a fool.
Hyundai wins $18 mln crane order.
Tissues and organs were transplanted into 50 recipients.
He devil is not so ugly as he is painted.
U.S. barge rates steady to higher on call session.
Seating Plan Guide for events at The Dome
If the mountain will not go to Mahomet, let Mahomet go to the mountain.
PLANNED KOREA, RUSSIA AND JAPAN FIBRE OPTIC LINK
If there were clouds we should not enjoy the sun.
An ounce of wit that's bought is worth a pound that's taught.
mark the passing of the hours.
A wilful man will have his way.
mine's a dock of Australian sherry
IBM PAYS OUT FOR SERVICES OF NEW CHAIRMAN
FORECAST-Mexico 28-day Cetes seen at 25.05 pct.
Appearances can be deceptive dangerously deceptive.
We think it's essential reading but then we would say that wouldn't we.
Britain says N. Iraq fighting puts aid at risk.
Pakistani cotton steady in selective trade.
A watched pot never boils.
When our enemy flies, build him a golden bridge.
A cow is not called dappled unless she has a spot.
He feigns death like a panther.
In the Second World War it was Chiang Kai-shek's lifeline.
Japan credit associations seek merger.
Provide for the worst; the best can take care of itself.
When one dog barks, another will follow suit.
Our outward actions reveal our hidden intentions.
RTRS - Cons Paper year net profit slumps.
Anyway I'd better make sure I remember that.
The music business is very fickle.
well I was not lost but and then this afterno , it's quite dif
Nigeria bans university lecturers' union.
Cease your jests, there is no joke in being ill-natured.
An now we ago deal wid it,
Among ten matchmakers only nine will lie.
HK inflation sticks to downward trend - economists.
OFFICIAL JOURNAL CONTENTS - OJ L 210 OF AUGUST 20, 1996.
Jakarta shares close higher on secondliners.
The BBC says it wants to encourage sponsored events which it can cover.
AL GORE: THE MAN WITH THE KNOW-HOW?
ABOVE Because of scattering in the atmosphere, the Sun's image appears reddened.
Florida Progress Corp's Crystal River 3 nuke cuts power. [CORRECTED 13:10 GMT]
The first mutilation of the year was reported in Expressen on 14 April.
VW defends Saxony decision on subsidies.
He became a civil servant in Milan, and died in 1858, aged 74.
Any man can be a father, but it takes a special person to be a dad.
China EB Tech year net loss HK$97.97 mln.
EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT INTERNAL TELCOMS CONTRACT AWARDED
He that sends a fool means to follow him.
China unveils rules on shipping links with Taiwan.
Many of these creatures peacock worms for instance look more like plants than animals.
The cats that drive away mice are as food as those that catch them.
The full potential of DRAs has, however, hardly yet been recognised.
He is born in good hour who gets a good name.
The Doctor smiled, and glanced at Bernice.
PRESS DIGEST - Bulgaria - Aug 26.
EPISODE 8 A LOOK INTO THE FUTURE
They would turn the clock back to policies that impoverished and divided our country.
Lookit, I'm local and I know the way of things here.
Capital Currency Exchange NV, which owns Chequepoint, sued Natio.
Those who are nourished by hope live ever in suspense, and enjoy not life.
We all looked, and said nothing.
The cat would eat fish, but would not wet her feet.
If we are to achieve major goals in our life, we must plan accordingly.
Indonesia's Danareksa indicative bonds prices.
It is difficult to tie an unborn horse to the manger.
The hard choices are simply not being made.
Sight goes before hearsay.
He needs say nothing about the score who pays nothing.
An associated space-camera relays the data back down to Earth.
Mr Spicer declined to disclose details.
NASD to help stock buyers avoid Internet pitfalls.
Forgotten Bosnian prisoner on hunger strike.
Such issues will not be merely inter-policy issues but also inter-agency ones.
Money is round, it must roll.
Directionless German equities end trade lower.
Do when ye may, or suffer ye the nay, in love 'tis the way.
A mended lid to a cracked pan.
PRESALE - Keller, Texas.
It was conspicuous for his use of the historic phrase British Commonwealth of Nations.
Many will show you the way once your cart has overturned.
Number thirty one approved the deliverance as a whole and as amended, approved.
He also worked for several years with the Lutheran World Federation.
I am glad to be able to reach this conclusion.
Not all porridge cooked is eaten.
The better day the better deed.
Panama Canal to charge for on-deck container space.
King have long arms.
It is a good horse that never stumbles.
That which is violent never lasts long.
I take it as a last question, comment.
INDICATORS - SLOVAKIA - UPDATED AUG 27.
A lucky person is someone who plants pebbles and harvests potatoes.
Had the fortune to be honoured whilst living
Mice care not to play with kittens.
If you have one pair of good soles it is better than two pairs of good uppers.
The nearest boor is the nearest kinsman when the calf lies in the ditch.
When house and land are gone and spent, then learning is most excellent.
Dawn does not come twice to awaken a man.
Thank you for the coffee, Captain Rudakov.
Rain aids Iowa crops but warm weather needed.
Bangladesh taka ends weak as banks seek US dlrs.
Yours respectfully and sincerely, CHRISTOPHER SETH.
Conn., Northeast Utilities face off over power costs.
Every may-be hath a may-be not.
If you want to know what a ducat is worth, try to borrow one.
Blue smoke was billowing up through the snowflakes.
601,000 was applied for, including a contingency sum of 50,000.
War widows' plea for Gulf Trust cash rejected
Timman unleashed some tactics and the watching grandmasters switched their allegiance.
If you would know the value of money, try to borrow some.
All are not good cooks who carry long knives.
The fascinating details of this historical trend have been described by Arnold Palmer.
McCaw offers 2.9bn dollars for LIN
At a dangerous passage yield precedence.
Portugal will exceed privatisation goal -Finmin.
A man of words and not of deeds is like a garden full of weeds.
The moon is a moon still, whether it shine or not.
When you can't get meat, chickens and bacon are good.
The belly does not accept bail.
Pity, since he's doing so well.
Toyota to recall 90,000 pickups - report.
He won't change his mind, he muttered bitterly.
Himalaya pilgrims safe at base camp after 121 die.
Winter comes fast on the lazy.
Amer and Nokia help Finnish shares to 10-month high.
Key Sept JGBs close up after hitting 8-mth high.
Nothing passes between asses but kicks.
Paris opera, age seven, is losing its facade.
In 1987, there were 1.96 million conveyances worth 103 billion.
French woman admits torching hotel in love spat.
Shaw group raises Reynolds Metals stake.
The tongue is ever turning to the aching tooth.
Erbo Graf von Kageneck; and unidentified Italian and German pilots.
Come here, he tells me, putting the handcuffs in his pocket.
A wise man makes his own decisions, an ignorant man follows public opinion.
His talent for inspiring, and his rational working demonstrations explain his ongoing success.
It is safe taking a shive of a cut loaf.
Better to do a kindness near home than go far away to burn incense.
So why wouldn't he marry her ?
Of this world each man has as much as he takes.
Sarvodaya embodies and seeks to implement just this belief.
The world is governed with little brains.
Where curiosity is not the purveyor, detraction will soon be starved.
Fish and guests smell at three days old.
Halifax aims for 40 pct cost/income ratio.
FEED SHIPS DUE AT ROTTERDAM/AMSTERDAM/GHENT PORTS.
So what can we learn about the oceans from this coral slab?
And the rest of the children had been killed in the night.
Czech PX50 index closes session 2.6 points higher.
Wait long, strike fast.
FOCUS-Brazil seeks to silence car dispute foes.
Rentokil to change name to Rentokil Initial.
Aetrium sees Q3, Q4 net below estimates.
Red Cross visits 11 detained Indonesian activists.
I thought to cross myself, and I put out my eye.
Expanding the model will, however, progressively reveal activities that may be observable in practice.
This remark neatly summarizes the paradox of neighbourhood policing in areas like West Belfast.
Poland may sell two soda firms next week - paper.
Keep your broken arm inside your sleeve.
U.N. expects 5,000 more Rwandan refugees to return.
Reproduced from Tennis by Jeremy Woods (Crowood Press) available from Tennis World Book Service
Better an unjust peace than a just war.
Australian banks cut their prime lending rate to 15.5%.
So what's the overall stopping distance at thirty miles an hour?
Shirley Archer's list of statements, already quoted, is one example.
Immunomedics files complaint vs Pharmacia.
You swap a coin for a fish on the way home.
Wider ears and a short tongue.
It was best that he knew.
You will leave the corresponding boxes on the panel blank and press ENTER .
Time waits for no one.
OSF doesn't expect to name it before fall.
All's for the best in the best of all possible worlds.
He that blows in the dust fills his eyes with it.
Make not two sorrows of one.
He who divides gets the worst share.
Indian call money ends steady, gilts inactive.
Like a parakeet that says what he knows but doesn't know what he says.
Israel sets condition for Hebron troop pullout.
Kansas files lawsuit against tobacco companies.
B.A.T sees 50 mln stg gain from Imasco deal.
Stay of Calder's suspension pending an application to the Court of Appeal.
He who would gather roses, must not fear thorns.
The conqueror weeps, the conquered is ruined. [Both sides suffer in war or litigation.]
Jungfraubahn prices new shares at 220 Sfr.
Remember what was said in Chapter 1, section 1.7, on this point.
My skirt with tears is always wet: I have forgotten to forget.
So you're looking at a package holiday resort in Spain in the main.
Is a honeymoon a good way to start a marriage?
Inflammation from pressure and it can indurate.
Otsuka Kagu -1996 parent forecast.
Drunken folks seldom take harm.
Talk much, and err much.
Outward appearances assuming the form of virtues.
There weren't any letters this morning, said Bobbie.
But don't delay this offer is only open while stocks last.
What the child hears at the fireside is soon known at the parish church.
The sword and the ring according to the hand that bears them.
Sainsbury off, talk broker cuts forecasts.
The roof is formed of withies (willow and hazel rods) woven between willow rafters.
DECISION MAKING Decide what needs doing, when and how to do it
HJ (Mudi) Stieger, aircraft designer, died Brough East Yorkshire 1 October aged 87.
The Indy costs 40p and is available from all good newsagents this morning.
M.G. Product Q2 shr loss widens.
Algerian FIS leader's sons go on trial in Germany.
There, Mr Hopkins, I cannot agree with you, he declared loudly.
U.S. weekly rice cash market summary -- USDA.
But it is hard for an old actor to separate fact from fantasy.
California Pollution Authority issue #Aaa--Moody's.
First of October it'll go out
Hungary to sign Romania treaty despite criticism.
INDICATORS - SLOVAKIA - UPDATED AUG 27.
He has given, succinctly and graphically, a description of the condition of this patient.
I think this is a temporary hold up.
Likeness causeth liking.
We hardly ever had it Martin and l, that is.
New rules will not hurt Japanese banks' earnings.
All is lost that is put in a riven dish.
If you can't then you are as lost as the dead in Alphaville.
No director holds any interest in the issued share capital of the company.
He is not wise that is not wise for himself.
Love is blind.
The devil is in the dice.
Like Simpkin, Wood was let down by an erratic serve.
It needs a light spirit to bear a heavy fate.
Ringgit gains limited by KL corporate dlr buying.
SOCCER-SCOTTISH THIRD DIVISION RESULT.
First weigh, then venture.
But I'll let, let's imagine for the moment that it's still that six fifty.
Do you think we might agree a kind of pact?
Heijmans buys rest of Belgian firms.
Fools build house and wise men live in them.
Never marry for money, but marry where money is.
No safe wading in an unknown water.
However, Mr Hart said the public had been ripped off.
It's also said to be making Microsoft Mail interoperate with Unix E-Mail.
Banco de Mexico places first credit at 26.13 pct.
You didn't really think that Roger was keen on Flick?
Mexico Rice Council opposes lifting Asian rice ban.
Banco do Brasil has 29.8 mln real July gain.
Words often do more than blows.
Let the fatuous sun shine by itself and let's head for the moon.
RTRS-Foster's says China losses rises.
When one must, one can.
In a smith's house the knife is wooden.
Every one has his master.
Not marble, nor the gilded monuments
Act as surety; ruin is at hand.
Coke to increase investment in Russia.
Belgian case spotlights sex abuse conference.
SOCCER-FRENCH FIRST DIVISION SUMMARY.
That came in the middle of Wadkins' best spell.
If you would fruit have, You must bring the leaf to the grave.
During meiosis (the cell divisions that create the gametes), chromosomes are randomly assorted.
We know of one in Vietnam where they're literally towed around in tanks.
The construction of the black man as rapist has a long racist history.
N.Sea crude weak on prompt overhang after run cuts.
Well, I suppose that's one way of putting it.
He cannot make the dog or the duck swim across.
The more you stir filth the worse it stinks.
All of these items can be bought from department stores.
Wonders will never cease.
The aged in council--the young in action.
The days follow each other and are not alike.
Religion is the best armour, but the worst cloak.
How to cope with sexual abuse
There are practical assessments, orals and so on.
Who lets another sit on his shoulder, will soon have him on his head.
Primary dealers quotes on securities - Aug 21.
Republic Glass declares 5 pct cash div.
Concorde Gaming seeks to settle dispute.
GB captain Ann Jones with Sarah Bentley
OSCE penalises Bosnian Croats.
Further discussion of this is made in the chapter on school library user education.
They lived next to the church in a peaceful village.
The same goes, too, for locked-room stories.
By John Grigsby Local Government Correspondent
Show me a headline in the last year.
We are fortunate in being an exception to these rules.
In the deepest water is the best fishing.
A man, a horse, and a dog are never weary of each other's company.
Women organise for media development in Papua New Guinea
Italy's Trieste sees August CPI at 2.6 pct yr/yr.
The dead are the best counsellors.
Eyelashes and Eyebrows Apply black mascara and separate lashes with a lash comb.
providing incentives to managers to pursue competition;
Fat hens lay few eggs.
Give orders, and do no more, and nothing will be done.
Hochtief H1 group output up 9.3 pct.
The church is near, but the way is icy. The tavern is far, but I will walk carefully.
Ill gotten goods never thrive.
Tell me who's your friend and I'll tell you who you are.
The Hampstead house needed to be opened up.
Love and poverty are hard to conceal.
Better the foot slip than the tongue.
Aetrium stock falls on earnings warnings.
Singapore's rate is 7% less competitive than in 1986, and Taiwan's 3%.
The number of TIP's vehicles increased from 10,000 to 18,000.
He is wise to no purpose, who is not wise for himself.
There is no jollity but hath a smack of folly in it.
Oklahoma City case courtroom to be remodeled.
Brazil Senate panel puts off Brady buyback vote.
One couplet sums up what I am trying to say.
The wearer best knows where the shoe pinches.
U.S., Colombia in air talks in Miami.
Liberian militia leader promises no more wars.
Empty pitchers ring loudest.
The lame goat does not take a siesta.
there is always scope for improvement in any activity;
The tree does not fall at the first stroke.
If any difficulties arise for the nurses, medical staff are readily available.
In February next year, further changes to mortgage advertsing will be introduced.
At first he thought a tree had uprooted itself and taken flight.
Where the Pope is there is Rome.
U.S. puts out feelers to Nigeria on human rights.
By night all cats are black.
To say I was taken aback is somewhat of an understatement.
There the hedge is lowest, men leap over.
Rate cuts sign of new European growth - Lykketoft.
Brazil shares bounce to close up in thin trade.
Hotels and motels are moderately priced, but book first.
Love is like a shuttlecock.
With a fol-rol-rol and a hey-nonny-no.
Ghana stock index rises in quiet trade.
He that puts on a public gown must put off a private person.
Measure thrice before you cut once.
The door was opened by an elderly couple.
Time to let the readers loose on the FESTIVE CAPTION CONTEST.
I'd been told a lot of stories
The designs are really quite traditional, but the colours aren't.
When in doubt, do nowt.
GREAT Corrections Of Our Time (No.198).
The death that will kill a man begins as an appetite.
TENNIS-MARTIN ADVANCES, FERREIRA STUNNED AT U.S. OPEN.
Army watches peaceful Friday prayers in Jordan.
One mangy sheep spoils a whole flock.
yet it introduces an obvious conflict of interest.
When the poachers ran out of stones the chase began.
Every one thinks himself without sin because he has not those of others.
Israeli blitz hurt Lebanon economy -- report.
Nothing venture, nothing gain.
Tell your friends a lie; if he keeps it secret tell him the truth.
Erring is not cheating.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE SOBER TO WORK HERE BUT IT HELPS
Hong Kong Duty Free Shoppers forms China alliance.
Whoever had done this wished him harm.
Alas! I suffer from self-inflicted wounds!
And we really are very pleased to see you th at that erm
Sri Lanka Ceramic in rapid turnaround.
The unknown is ever imagined.
Late repentance is rarely sincere.
Swedish forestry group MoDo beats expectations.
next week once, before you go!
Think back to the ones I quoted of Ruth Rendell's story Born Victim.
I think we might, Don Mini said.
FORECAST - Aegon H1 net seen 12 pct higher.
Love asks faith, and faith asks firmness.
Turkey's Erbakan ends controversial foreign tour.
If I'm still alive, as little as possible.
How sad that people cannot learn from the Houys!
As we glanced at each other, we shuddered with apprehension.
Czech Komercni share jump spurs Prague bourse.
One's been talking with a small group of colleagues.
GOVERNMENT LIST.
Eggs cannot teach a hen.
BBC Radio 2 FM for music
Rather a single grape for me than a brace of figs for thee.
Dutch state 5.75 pct 2002 bond raises NLG 7.5 bln.
Tickets cannot be exchanged or refunded
Few crime writers can resist it for ever.
A bustling mother makes a slothful daughter.
I meant to cross myself and put out one of my eyes.
The priest forgets that he was clerk.
Easy to run downhill, much puffing to run up.
Boy decapitated in Manila rail track collision.
The embryo is thus a chimaera, a mosaic of two different kinds of cells.
A cat may go to a monastery, but she still remains a cat.
A wheel not greased will creak. [Those who are not properly paid will not work without grumbling.]
Only when you can be extremely pliable and soft can you be extremely hard and strong.
Again, instructions should be included in the pack.
Lebed agrees midday (0800 GMT) truce with Chechens.
Bev Tyme Inc Q2 full results.
Logoff from user-id OEDDBA , by typing LOGOFF' .
They wrangle about an egg, and let the hens fly away.
When in doubt, Gallop!
The means s.d. from independent experiments are listed.
There are two reasons for televising Parliament.
He who would eat the kernel, must crack the nut.
Will you do that for me?
Are fish shops besieged by angry crowds carrying Filleting fish is not funny placards?
Spend and be free, but make no waste.
Israel successfully test fires anti-missile missile.
Oh, Boyd, she breathed, just wait till you see it!
Top stocks which moved the BSE Index - August 27.
Fair is he that comes, but fairer he that brings.
From trifling causes great results arise.
Ever felt they were trying to tell you something
Daily Argentine grain fixings - Camaras Arbitrales.
RTRS-Howard says next Australian budget in May 97.
May your charity increase as much as your wealth.
Glutton: one who digs his grave with his teeth.
Asian crudes firmer, Brent/Dubai widens.
MOTOR RACING-LEADING PLACINGS IN POKKA 1,000 KM RACE.
Eating sets the head to rights.
So Daedalus is squirting one such solution through small round nozzles into the other.
Nowhere, it seems, is this more apparent than in the area under consideration here.
Retail has not had a high profile in Marxist discussions of these issues.
The new model gets sports suspension, 185/60x14 tyres and XR3i engine.
Paddington Bear was, most unfortunately, shot by the Duke of Edinburgh.
After me the deluge.
The arguments of the strongest have always the most weight.
If you don't want to cut your
Teach your grandame to suck eggs.
Name badges are worn by staff.
Japan game makers to ban games' sex and violence.
Even a fly can show temper.
My neighbour's goat gives more milk than mine.
Smith Barney said to start 10 banks.
Progressive to cut G/Pie investment.
On the plus side, Wimpey raised more than 300 million on sales.
That's where the proposal to set up an X Industry Association comes in.
Endogen Inc Q4 shr loss vs profit.
NZ inflation picture still murky after labour data.
This is seldom recognised sufficiently by college organisers, such as Chairmen or Hon.
Let every one sweep before his own door.
A moon like an orange drawn by a child.
Montedison 1.52pct block trades at 998 lire.
The bad gardener quarrels with his rake.
But I took on the idea of transcendence only at a personal level.
He who builds a house in the market-place, builds either too high or too low.
A rolling eye, a roving heart.
Non-catalysed areas (pavements etc), will be immune from automotive invasion.
When we ask a favour, we say, Madam; when we obtain it, what we please.
Why had no one told him how marvellous it was?
PRESS DIGEST - Indonesian newspapers - August 23.
Niblit replaces the normal battle standard bearer option in the army list.
This result would seem to have implications for clinical practice.
Getting money is like digging with a needle. Spending it is like water soaking into the sand.
He that keeps another man's dog shall have nothing left him but the line.
Alaska $158 mln deal yields 6.10 pct in 2017.
And I wish you every success in your project too.
Paul Harris Stores Inc Q2 profit vs loss.
USDA to donate agricultural commodities to Russia.
Better a blush in the face than a spot in the heart.
The man in the moon stole the wood.
Linn-Benton Community College Dist., Ore., priced.
S.African apartheid assassin guilty of six murders.
And such a statement is equally valid for non-parallelistic lines.
He who hastens too much stumbles and falls.
Where would you most like to find yourself on a Sunday morning?
INTERVIEW - WH Smith weighing U.S. options.
Stir fry all the vegetables and ginger for 3 minutes.
New Democratic convention, new Mayor Daley.
In the same year I published The Deep End .
Accused mobsters charged with racketeering.
I am just as good as you are, and a damned sight better.
Emily smiled at the surprised look on Hari's face.
There is no joy without alloy.
To meet an old friend in a distant country is like the delight of rain after a long drought.
The more manpower-intensive training is also marketed.
Who undertakes too much, succeeds but little.
That encompasses what we are trying to achieve.
Trent thought and brought his right arm over fast and smoothly.
Manchester bred: long in the arms, and short in the head.
2 Continue to monitor vital signs.
The RSO1 had a twin o.h.c.
Both men will attempt to push Pick into the mid-range and large-systems environments.
This particular version contains within it a cooling device of unsurpassed elegance.
The nail that sticks up will be hammered down.
He that strikes with his tongue must ward with his head.
Teacher: Put your hand down here.
U.S. spot prods stable in ACCESS trade after APIs.
All things are difficult before they are easy.
Talks on political solution to Chechnya delayed.
Tylan stock jumps; weighs sale of company.
Every one is a preacher under the gallows.
It is a wise child that knows its own father.
But, broadly, charges are 21.9 to 25.3 APR for unsecured personal loans.
NINTENDO TO DISTRIBUTE GAMES VIA SATELLITE
The IPR is involved in CAM and other educational courses in public relations.
378, 381, is to prevent duplication of punishment.
He is a very bad manager of honey who leaves nothing to lick off his fingers.
The wood is burnt, but the ashes are a nuisance.
mercifully, it is drawn aside through the eye
Tell not all you know; believe not all you hear; do not all you are able.
Every one reaps as he sows.
Primedia yr shr rises, maiden div.
A lisping lass is good to kiss.
PRESS DIGEST - Hungary - Aug 21.
A hungry dog does not fear the stick.
He looks one way and rows another.
Virtue subdues power.
I hope you'll join us again.
S.African military keep lid on chemical weapons.
A woman is to be from her house three times: when she is christened, married and buried.
Brazil Proer bank plan is cost effective - gov't.
Women are as fickle as April weather.
Opera House, Suns to 29 Oct 8pm, 0253-27786.
WHERE DO WE STAND IN THE STATUS QUO?
PRESS DIGEST - Czech Republic - Aug 22.
How can you help the 1991 Wings Appeal
Grass doesn't grow on a busy street.
It is not the same thing to talk of bulls as to be in the bullring.
London's Globe, an experiment in theatre history.
The application of geochemical mapping to environmental studies in developing countries is being investigated.
What has this to do with the matter?
Away from the eye, away from the mind.
Letter to the Editor: Film fable
When the pig has had a bellyful it upsets the trough.
BT TO FINISH CABLE NETWORK IN WESTMINSTER IN 1995
Missouri executes convicted U.S. double-murderer.
Fortune often knocks at the door, but the fool does not invite her in.
To beg of the miser is to dig a trench in the sea.
INDICATORS - Hungary - updated Aug 27.
LAROX SWINGS TO FIM 7.4 MLN H1 PROFIT.
Ohio Building Auth $71 mln revs priced by Goldman.
But don't, for heaven's sake, tell the politicians.
Or could they be, in any way, related?
Russians, Chechens mull deal detail, Yeltsin silent.
Lebanon has $51.3 mln payments surplus in June.
A man of many trades begs his bread on Sundays.
The best physicians are Dr. Diet, Dr. Quiet, and Dr. Merryman.
Chile's Endesa says Ralco dam to go ahead.
Prosecutor to pay defendant's costs in House of Lords.
Every potter praises his pot, and most of all the one that is cracked.
FIVE MORE STOCKS START LIVE WARSAW TRADE SEPT 16.
IPL sets initial limits on Canada oil shipments.
He is a wise man who accommodates himself to all circumstances.
Harris Corp boosts payout 12 pct.
Nothing happens, nothing comes, only a growing in the dark, a state of being.
A horse grown fat kicks.
In the short term, the depression brought deepening unemployment among both men and women.
Some establishments may have applied for commendation but have yet to be assessed.
memory of smiles and kisses, rough
KESLA POSTS 0.4 MLN MARKKA H1 LOSS.
Intermedia in pact with Cable &amp; Wireless.
When the fox preaches, look to the geese.
And it's the only performance in the area.
Moroccan Treasury auction raises 166 mln dirhams.
BASKETBALL-FORMULA SHELL WIN GAME ONE IN PHILIPPINES.
Asses that bray most eat least.
Were I a hatter, men would come into the world without heads.
All things are cause for either laughter or weeping.
CS H1 shows restructuring need-analysts.
ING Barings rates Van Ommeren as Buy.
Do not buy either the moon or the news, for in the end they will both come out.
Burlington Northern named in city lawsuit.
There is no proposal for measuring accuracy of processing of dictionary text during production.
At first, she only worked on the household duties, especially the cooking.
Russia tighens controls on bank risk.
RTRS-Analysts to trim Comalco 96 estimates.
Turk MPs vote to abolish savings scheme.
Soon they feel able to involve the other sex in their idyll.
&quot;Island of Dr. Moreau&quot; opens at top of box office.
I hear the sounds of closing wings
For some purposes a micro can be used with X terminal software.
Jordan stocks bullish after new economic steps.
The counsel of the aged is sound.
Finnish interest rates near right level - premier.
Light cares speak, great ones are dumb.
North Korea says students start hunger strike.
Looking for fish? Don't climb a tree.
It would be clear enough even to a blind man.
One catches more flies with a spoonful of honey than with twenty casks of vinegar.
Ohki - 95/96 parent forecast.
Jan Bell Marketing Inc Q2 net loss shrinks.
The skin is nearer than the shirt.
Yield rises on Egyptian six-month T-bills.
Irish bourse weaker in thin market awaiting a spur.
The old man at home, and the young abroad, lie after the same fashion.
The alternative are what we call alocentrics, these are outgoing people with varied interests.
Far from the eyes, far from the heart.
I'VE MET SOME SHARKS IN MY TIME.
It is better to strive with a stubborn ass than to carry the wood on one's back.
Note: some of the boxes on the form will be blank.
Take away my good name, take away my life.
She looked across the sea she had called the Minch.
DirecTV dish price cut to $199 from $499 - sources.
With our lakes and rivers, we've got watersports to rival any seaside resort.
China central bank cuts rates to ease interest burden.
the non-linguistic context: pictures, diagrams, etc.
At the turn of the century, cycling became popular.
U.S. toy industry rep meets Brazilian officials.
Leave no nail unclenched.
The devil's boots don't creak.
Not best pleased at being awakened from my reveries, I shrugged impatiently.
(Jill Duffy, a painter and decorator's wife)
When many strike on an anvil, they must strike by measure.
Roll a dice for each wound.
A hare is like an ass in the length of its ears, yet it is not its son.
U.S. sees promising nuclear market in China.
Most guides work independently, taking clients climbing wherever they want to go.
Arabian Oil - 1996 parent forecast.
Drop by drop wears away the stone.
The mouse that only trusts to one poor hole, Can never be a mouse of any soul.
Slater also had a shot cleared off the line by Joseph.
MELROSE THE TRAINING COMPANY We have no serious competition
A man is not a lord because he feeds off fine dishes.
ROCHESTER TELEPHONE ENLIST BELL COMMUNICATIONS HELP
Make the night night, and the day day, and you will live pleasantly.
Suspected Philippine killer dies in tree fall.
Jay sat back in her chair.
Yes, I done it last night
Colour-blind casting would be as pointless as translating the libretto into Home Counties English.
ZCL Composites Q1 June 30 shr loss narrows.
But acute difficulties remain on how such a code would be enforced.
He goes a great voyage that goes to the bottom of the sea.
After darkness comes light.
More important was the software how should a parallel computer be programmed?
Little leaks sink the ship.
Better be wrong with the many than right with the few.
RTRS - NatPower names Australia debt underwriters.
Talk of the devil, and his imp appears.
China parliament to legislate on mineral rights.
A woman with the Good Grace
Children and fools speak the truth.
MidAmerican files IES merger plan with FERC.
It follows that the extension to three years does have significance.
A variation of the traditional French sorrel soup.
You need your work at the moment to keep you sane and normal!
SILVER - Bolivia's Cerro Rico may yield new riches.
Mother Teresa stable after suffering heart failure.
They devoted their lives to it.
AMEX to extend use of electronic book.
SOCCER-DUTCH FIRST DIVISION RESULTS.
NIB sets 400 million Danish crown Dec 2002 bond.
Rochester NY Ginna nuke back to full power.
Of listening children have your fears, for little pitchers have great ears.
One hunts the hare, and another eats it.
Aker wins Azerbaijan offshore contract.
Viridian to pay Westaim shr dividend.
A good lather is half the shave.
Little by little, the camel goes into the couscous.
Men are not to be measured by inches.
Yesterday, Mr Ward's account was put to Paul Spicer, a Lonrho director.
There are spots even on the sun.
With the correct flow rates it's claimed that water changes are virtually redundant.
Fetters of gold are still fetters, and silken cords pinch.
That scream went like a knife into the heart of everyone on the train.
BT Financial sets 10 pct stock dividend.
Many a one would like to lay his own shame on another man's back.
Tokyo stocks end slightly up after listless trade.
If you hand be bad, mend it with good play.
Christmas also proved too durable for its opponents.
Canada bonds end weaker on U.S. data, spreads fall.
Argentine July industrial output up 7.0 pct - FIEL.
It is ill speaking between a full man and a fasting.
ADR REPORT - Mexican ADRs strong despite disruptions.
Southern North Sea: Wind south-east, veering west later, moderate to fresh.
One "take this" is better than ten "God help you!"
Time and straw make medlars ripe.
Law catches flies, but lets hornets go free.
Wall Street stocks open steady to higher.
We have notes on two hunter's wives severely injured by plummeting pheasants.
Clal Israel Q2 net lower.
Under a ragged coat lies wisdom.
Usually this is done as a weekend hobby.
China interbank market rates (CHIBOR) mostly up.
Talk of the wolf and his tail appears.
Western Cornbelt hogs carcass close - USDA.
That is why he writes such comments as:
The non-subsistence sector of the economy needed cattle for transportation and food.
That one always get you so-called intelligent people.
Alright yeah I'll give you yeah .
The Princeton researchers went back 40 years for their statistics, covering nine recessions.
The old forget, the young don't know.
Minister says Russian armed forces underfunded.
Believe what you see and lay aside what you hear.
A change is as good as a rest.
No doubt the fire had died again.
Blend where the highlighter joins the socket shadow and outer third of the eyelid.
Am I covered for partial disability, such as permanently reduced vision?
Nor is it fashionable to admit that even monsters have their uses.
USDA gross cutout hide and offal value.
Airport reconstruction freezes Albanian Airlines.
Venezuela seeks renegotiation of CVG's Japan debt.
Even clever hens sometimes lay their eggs among nettles.
To get eggs there must be some cackling.
To condemn by a cutting laugh comes easily to all.
The saving man becomes the free man.
Tell it well, or say nothing.
Taiwan-China trade edges up in Jan-June yr/yr.
You need one sheet you put that on there.
But he may have taken his reference from an even earlier source.
How to be friends and lovers with your partner
Short acquaintance brings repentance.
I tried to draw the eyebrow, but I ended up poking the eye.
FORECAST - GIST-BROCADES H1 PROFIT TO RISE.
It is a base thing to tear a dead lion's beard off.
Do bear this in mind when increasing your volume of food.
Hope is an egg of which one man gets the yolk, another the white, and a third the shell.
Every one wishes to bring water to his own mill, and leave his neighbour's dry.
UAE Central Bank foreign reserves flat in July.
and what we're doing is collecting like the
Taiwan money rates end higher, more gains seen.
There are certain times that are better than others, said Davis.
New York State to buy $2 mln of Utica's notes.
The late comer is ill lodged.
To see this, consider the problem of Table 11.1.
This applies just as much to me as it may do to you.
Lebed, Chernomyrdin meet as Chechnya peace holds.
2 x 200ml (7fl oz) tubs crme frache
Grand Met employs 25 qualified chartered secretaries throughout the company, said Mr Sheppard.
Great say-masters, bad pay-masters.
China provinces focus on same industries.
It is folly to take a thorn out of another's foot and put it into your own.
Nails ate them, wondering, distracted, what time in the morning?
You know well enough that Roger's nice to everyone.
Advanced Magnetics signs distribution pact.
IBM stock jumps; Salomon sees shares at $145.
The last straw breaks the camel's back.
BMT-Groep H1 pre-tax up 23.7 pct.
To good eating belongs good drinking.
Many bring their clothes to church rather than themselves.
Puskat Audio Visual Centre, Jl Ahmad Jazuli 2, Teromolpos 75, Yogyakarta 55002, Indonesia.
RESEARCH ALERT - Ascend started.
Stewart hopes to keep the bill under 100,000.
Buy him at his own price and sell him at yours and you'll make no bargain.
BALANCE - Manassas, Va., at $3.8 mln.
A carpenter is known by his chips.
Dolly joined by new tropical depression.
Let it snow till it reaches the chimney-pots, he says to himself.
Iberia stops some direct Mallorca flights.
Can it, however perfect, smell more beautiful than a rose?
A 40MHz 88110 is roughly the performance equivalent of a 33MHz SuperSparc.
Macheezmo Mouse Q4 loss vs profit.
The same heat that melts the wax will harden the clay.
Keep a thing for seven years and you'll find a use for it.
The devil has his martyrs among men.
Zhenhai Refining interim net up 10 pct.
BZW appoints two fixed income directors in Tokyo.
Bosnia peace process could stumble, diplomats warn.
Gehe sees 1996 pre-tax above 400 mln dmk.
Truth is violated by a lie or by silence.
I would rather buy than beg.
Your sincerely, Lindsay Robinson, Divisional Director.
Go back to Part Three, which was supposed to provide the original ending.
APPENDIX 2 The Highland Village Project
Which would never have worked, anyway.
India Ambuja sees profits staying strong.
Better envy than pity.
I agree with the judge that the paper evidence discloses matters which require investigation.
Is there any simple and inexpensive solution to this problem?
It has still not been restarted.
He who marries a widow with three children, marries four thieves.
China issues rules on cargo transport with Taiwan.
Taiwan CPC rejects two Japan refiners' deal.
The interior has that feeling of solidity normally associated with German-built cars.
Mocking is catching.
Turner could cut jobs after Time merger - report.
Hospital Pantai stock suspended - KLSE.
Astro-Med Inc Q2 full results.
FOCUS - Dollar weaker on uncertainty over Japan.
The water companies' average prospective price earnings ratio is around five.
If the child cries let the mother hush it, and if it will not be hushed let it cry.
A miserly father makes a prodigal man.
He who at thirty has no brains, will never purchase an estate.
The ox when most weary is most surefooted.
Noel Mannion, another Irish international, and the Orrell lock Bob Kimmins have also withdrawn.
No one is so liberal as he who has nothing to give.
The more adventurous could even fly into Shoreham Airport in their own aircraft!
Too hot to last.
RESEARCH ALERT - ThermoLase upgraded.
PRESS DIGEST - Morocco - Aug 27.
Austria cenbank says rates have reached bottom.
Now Mabel, you are in Sussex.
Slander expires at a good woman's door.
Still if you mind's made up, I know better than to argue with you.
Athanasius against the world. [Lat., Athanasius contra mundum.]
He is your friend who gets you out of a fray.
Proof Jesus Fictional could arrive from another PO box.
A piece of meat with eyes.
The sickness of the body may prove the health of the soul.
No man can do nothing and no man can do everything.
Always taking out and never putting in, soon reaches the bottom.
The best Homes always have plenty going on.
Stowey Court and the gazebo, on the road from Nether Stowey to Bridgwater.
He who has a good next, finds good friends.
Indian opposition walks out over pilgrims' deaths.
Every one counts for as much as he has.
Zenchiku -96/97 parent forecast.
He who would rule must hear and be deaf, see and be blind.
Toll Brothers Q3 shr flat.
Hungary 6-mo bill yield eases to 23.53 percent.
But a cat like that could stay hidden for months.
INTERVIEW-Savings key to WorldCom MFS deal.
Brazil real ends off 0.06 pct as mini-band lowered.
Non-nuclear states to salvage shelved nuke pact.
Erdos Cashmere H1 net rises 25 pct.
The repeated stroke will fell the oak.
The lawyer's pouch is a mouth of hell.
After breaking my head you bring plaister.
He who turns aside avoids danger.
SLIP INTO SOMETHING DIFFERENT the best bridal shoes
KCBT wheat drifts to lower close on light volumes.
Let the blood be ever so thin, it is always thicker than water.
He got three CSEs before going to college full-time.
NATO destroys Bosnian Serb arms cache.
Things at the worst will mend.
Enhanced communications features implement a parallel-processing technique called block multithreading speed performance.
BradyNet adds electronic mail directory service.
Again you knew not to ask.
Stupid is as stupid does.
A civil question deserves a civil answer.
There are only 45 David Essex gigs to Christmas.
Singapore shares, fuelled by rumours, close higher.
An honest man's word is as good as his bond.
Above all, she wanted people not to think of her as disabled.
India aviation chief opposes foreign equity - report.
One may tire of eating tarts.
AVA sees no increase in consumption in 1996.
He can't see the beam in his own, but he's looking for an eyelash in someone else's.
One needs to look directly for the seeds of potential attitudinal positions.
SOCCER-EUROPEAN CUP QUALIFYING ROUND COLLATED SECOND LEG RESULTS.
Talk of sporting, and buy game in the market.
Mersey Docks falls as profits disappoint.
A good driver turns in a small space.
Trade in Intersport shares suspended.
Rights groups urge PA to honour high court ruling.
However, it takes some skill to identify them.
We shall see what we shall see.
African hunger strikers reject Paris concession.
Krupp down after warning for H2 business.
Any additive given an E number is generally regarded as safe to use.
last two pages omitted because repeated from previous brochure
It is a bold mouse that breeds in the cat's ear.
CRICKET-AUSTRALIA CAPTAIN RECOVERING FROM SURGERY.
I'm sure we're going to be very good friends, Anne.
There is another lesson to add to this bitter one.
Group 1 Q1 June 30 net loss vs profit.
And I send her a red rose with the same message.
It is safest sailing within reach of the shore.
God gives the cold according to the cloth.
Every man judges of others by himself.
Russia MinFins hit by freeze talk, Yeltsin health.
Amoco probes tumors tied to research center.
If poor, act with caution.
The relative merits of arbitration and litigation are much contested.
Who has no plagues makes himself some.
NZ's PSIS passes NZ$300 million mark for deposits.
No one tests the depth of the river with both feet.
When you live next to the cemetery, you cannot weep for everyone.
MBIA qualifies two bond issues for insurance.
Coward against coward, the assailant conquers.
There was silence for a few moments.
It is better to travel hopefully than to arrive.
They don't take up much space.
Expelled African arrive from France under escort.
Given the weakness of the free city, this fight could not possibly succeed.
He who carries nothing loses nothing.
As the wind so the sail.
This is where the WIIC has a particularly crucial role.
I never see anyone from this place there.
Spinning is impractical, and a fierce enough heater would probably ignite the fabric.
Having two ears and one tongue, we should listen twice as much as we speak.
The tender surgeon makes the wound gangrene.
Nasdaq stocks close slightly lower.
Pakistani stocks end up on short covering.
Choosing the best mix and match for your racket takes skill.
He who is quick at borrowing, is slow in paying.
Anyone seeing her in your dressing-room would know at once.
There is a salve for every sore.
He that is foolish in the fault, let him be wise in the punishment.
The book is full of sound advice however.
When you want to test the depths of a stream, don't use both feet.
OMV sputters after first half profits.
TENNIS-WOODBRIDGE BEATS DOUBLES PARTNER WOODFORDE AT CANADIAN.
He who holds his tongue does not commit himself.
One knavery is met by another.
She said: The economy is stronger than ever.
FISKARS SHARES RISE ON GOOD H1 RESULT.
Great smoke, little roast.
Omaha cattle steady - USDA.
He is rich who is satisfied.
Hong Kong stocks hit by profit-taking in morning.
If you can't go over, you must go under.
Lord Aldington does not fit this pattern at all.
I am determined to consult with him.
The pumpkin gives birth and the fence has the trouble.
A hypertext system is different from a system for preparing paper documents.
PRESS DIGEST - EAST EUROPE - AUG 22.
15 tons of Nazi gold went missing after war -- document. [CORRECTED 1:30 GMT 22/8]
With bread and wine you can walk your road.
It was unlocked and in darkness.
NYMEX Sept electric futures expire flat to higher.
RTRS-Qantas coy about Air NZ stake.
Frightened at bugbears.
All entries become the property of HCI.
A good year is determined by its spring.
To use these qualities, A1's Peter Oakes has designed two filters.
Nobility of conduct is a greater recommendation than nobility of birth.
RTRS-Pasminco to reopen Hercules zinc mine.
Not necessarily the moon or Mexico but somewhere special nearer home.
Car sales are a special case.
More importantly, the transputer allows modular supercomputers to be built.
Nigeria's FSB Bank Q1 profit climbs.
Polish unions, government fail to agree on pay rise.
He that respects not is not respected.
FENDER USA Stratocaster, black with rosewood neck and hard case, excellent condition.
Borrowing does well only once.
US and Portuguese officials were yesterday conducting separate investigations.
RTRS-Pioneer sees 1997 housing recovery.
MOL ends lower on delayed energy price rise.
Your neighbor's apples are the sweetest.
It is used in refrigeration, air conditioning, aerosols and foams.
Varlen says completes Brenco acquisition.
RESEARCH ALERT - Merrill downgrades MFS.
International Nursing Q2 shr loss $0.01.
I don't like buttocks, Modigliani ground out and left, slamming the door.
If the teacher be corrupt, the world will be corrupt.
Metal Recovery to redeem preferred stock.
The following optional extra services are available with International Standard and Economy services :
A jackfish does more than a letter of recommendation.
It now stands unique the only substantial half-timbered building in any Cambridge College.
De Soto, Texas, won by Morgan Keegan.
Cheese it is a peevish elf, It digests all things but itself.
He who pledges or promises runs in debt.
Mrs Malcolm Wallace was in attendance.
A cow from afar gives plenty of milk.
Metro says no idea why share price rose.
The provoking pertinacity of a fly.
The whole system is now operating more efficiently.
The chamber of sickness is the chapel of devotion.
was perfectly correct in the context.
Blood is thicker than water.
You have to be prepared for anything on TV.
He who hath lost his good name how shall he in future gain his living.
Beware of a silent dog and still water.
It was opened in May 1868 and dedicated to St Joseph.
Old trees are not to be bent.
The rich would have to eat money if the poor did not provide food.
Key Lithuania bank Vilnius to sell via post office.
FOCUS - U.S. refiners boost distillate production.
Wherever you are, each is a mirror image of all the others.
PRESS DIGEST - Jordan - Aug 21.
Police seek fugitive after Auckland gun incident.
Whatever happened, it hit the spot, he said.
He that would have the kernel must crack the shell.
If I was to eat some too?
So we may well ask: can there be morality without religion?
All happiness is in the mind.
She sipped brandy, held it on her tongue, set herself alight.
Ten, ten past two, what is it two at ten?
But you never will know, she whispered.
FINN-JAPANESE CONSORTIUM TO BUY HUNGARY POWER PLANT.
World '96 copper output to rise 3.9 pct - Bloomsbury.
UK &quot;surprised&quot; by US rebuff to open skies talks.
Prepare your proof before you argue.
It is the tone that makes the music.
You are a body of 12 men.
The seeker is the finder.
The field should be poorer than the farmer. [It is useless for a man to attempt farming without capital.]
FORECAST- VNU H1 EARNINGS SEEN UP 10 PCT.
U.S. welcomes Russia-Chechen ceasefire deal.
The fool hunts for misfortune.
As you make your bed so you must lie on it.
Extravagant offers are a kind of denial.
This, we felt, was particularly true of the Europeans we met.
A horse falls though he has four legs.
ImmunoTherapeutics names chief executive.
No man will another in the oven seek, except that himself have been there before.
Peru central bank says won't hold CD auction today.
First think and then speak.
Chickens are counted in autumn.
Happy is the man who is out of debt.
The more the merrier.
Singapore rubber futures steady to higher at close.
Be patient with a bad neighbor: he may move or face misfortune.
RALLYING-KANKKUNEN IN COMMAND AS MCRAE ROLLS OUT.
I thought instead of the extinction of his soaring talent.
If ill luck were cheese, dairy-women would go wanting work.
For the reasons mentioned I would dismiss these appeals.
U.S. weekly agriculture loan report.
California's Getty Museum bought Van Gogh's Irises from Alan Bond for 40m.
The FT-SE 100 Index closed 28.2 points down at 2,218.8.
Put off for one day and ten days will pass.
Next time round on his beat he made sure he crossed the road.
The money you refuse will never do you good.
combing my hair out in a darkened room
China steps up battle against tax, expense cheats.
A nurse said: She's a really good eater, and she's thoroughly enjoying herself.
We could turn up the movie but it doesn't help.
Foxmeyer declines to comment on stock activity.
RTRS-Australian beef seen clawing back in Korea.
Bombardier expects 30-35 RJ orders in Q3.
Peace gains a value from discord.
THE DECEMBER ISSUE IS ON SALE NOVEMBER 14
The coach and horses had, after all, arrived; and they stayed where they were.
Mexico TIIE interbank rate 27.15 pct Aug 23.
Is it too late to go back?
An English summer, three hot days and a thunderstorm.
The ox in a strange stall often casts a longing look towards the door.
The prohibition is total, warns the rulebook.
Chief Inspector Buchanan was standing outside the closed front door.
Effectively, social purity had been politically appropriated.
Police find van owned by murder victim
Unidanmark six-month profit rises.
PRESS DIGEST - Poland - Aug 27.
A man who prides himself on his ancestry is like the potato plant, the best part of which is underground.
SOCCER-BELGIAN FIRST DIVISION RESULTS/STANDINGS.
He who pays the piper may call the tune.
Losing comes of winning money.
CBOT soybean deliveries - Aug 22.
Court not companionship with tigers.
BellSouth interested in Chile phone pact.
Other major cities Sao Paolo 16,412,000, Rio de Janeiro 12,525,000
I therefore resolved not to have any equations at all.
APEC told energy key to Asia-Pacific future growth.
Belgian 2nd beet test shows 6.48 tonnes sugar/ha.
There is more to be feared from the doctor than the disease.
The living who is absent is like a dead man.
I'm going to buy him some flower seeds, said Dot.
There are more ways of killing a cat than choking it with cream.
Your soul to God, your body to dust, your property to your relatives, because thus it has been found written.
After all, that's exactly what the Prince Regent did.
Words are but wind, but blows unkind.
Malbak surges with unbundling go ahead.
Older adults have the same abilities as other groups and more experience than most.
S.AFRICAN RAND/BONDS CLOSING REPORT.
in the midst of this sun-breathing earth.
If you would catch a fox you must hunt with geese.
American Safety Razor promotes CFO.
Currency hedging helps MoDo H1.
RTRS-Australia's Victoria said model for energy.
Jobs' holding is now less than 50%, at 46.1%.
Maybank stock requotes up at 22.70 rgt.
North Sea crudes slide as refiners trim runs.
RESEARCH ALERT - Analog Devices as buy.
MANDELA STICKS BY TAIWAN.
He that is drunk is gone from home.
Call your husband cuckold in jest, an he'll never suspect you.
It is rather like a Labour Party conference, without the block vote.
He has but a short Lent that must pay money at Easter.
Silence is a fine jewel for a woman, but it is little worn.
on the se separate part of the report please Moderator.
When thy neighbour's house is on fire it's time to look about thee.
The difference between the two figures is calculated for each region.
Drug cuts heart deaths by 60 pct after surgery.
You can't judge a book by its cover.
Speak not ill of the year until it is past.
The tree falls not at the first stroke.
Act so in the valley, that you need not fear those who stand on the hill.
PORT OF LONDON AUTHORITY UPGRADES CONTROL CENTRE
Wisdom sometimes walks in clouted shoes.
NYNEX takes long-distance orders in Arizona.
I wish my wife Maria could read Charlotte's books and Emily's, and Anne's.
I wasn't the only one, you know.
Er it would be much appreciated if you were able to attend.
HOSKYNS INSIGHT RE-NAMED HOSKYNS APPLICATION PRODUCTS
Sudan army denies officers executed.
Rugby Union-Mehrtens a contender for second test.
Republicans favored for U.S. Congress - Reuters poll.
Women and wine, game and deceit, Make the wealth small and the wants great.
LE RUE Cajun crazies, featuring some fairly forward fiddle-playing from leader, Pierre.
He also criticised the commission for taking the decision in private.
At 6.40am the men are woken; by seven they are up.
It is expected to fetch 550650,000 (950,0001.1m).
Czech HN-Wood index rises five points to 1,726.
Ignorance of the law is no excuse for breaking it.
She knows this only after the event.
He who knows nothing never doubts.
A narrow neck keeps the bottle from being emptied in one swig.
Members of the public in general are concerned about personal information held by computers.
Winter weather and women's thoughts change oft.
Rent and Taxes never sleep.
REUTER EC REPORT LONG-TERM DIARY (8 OF 13).
our love which is a proverb on the block,
Myself, I get a dozen invitations a year
Ivernia gets go-ahead for lead/zinc mine.
Gold Fields battling violent union action.
The immediacy of musical speech is frozen into electric print, producing an acoustic publication.
So I don't see how you can say that that's devaluation.
Thank you very much indeed, thanks for your time.
We must remove all the weeds from our lives.
Bombardier has 52 orders for new jet.
JET is not an attempt at a commercial fusion reactor.
The wicked shun the light as the devil does the cross.
LCE cocoa ends sharply down, crop talk cited.
Gown, veil, no bride at Rodman's &quot;wedding&quot;.
I'll come again, she said, getting up and pressing his hand.
Who does not beat his own child will later beat his own breast.
They must be strong legs that can support prosperous days.
Taylor County, Texas, bonds rated A1 by Moody's.
Moslems agree halt to Bosnia poll violence - Bildt.
One man beats the bush, another catcheth the bird.
One nail drives in another.
(Banks rarely itemize all their charges.)
my my complaint is that mostly
Choose none for thy servant who have served thy betters.
To a depraved taste sweet is bitter.
Good luck beats early rising.
The worth of a thing is best known by the want.
The Russians plead for sympathetic consideration.
The yeast must be pure, or the stars would be poisoned.
The Irish forgive their great men when they are safely buried.
High-yld telecom debt mounts, buyers make demands.
My personal preference, while awaiting further light, is to look in the opposite direction.
All that was needed was skill combined with imagination.
He is called clever who cheats and plunders his friend.
Why had no one said it was like this?
We become wiser as we grow older.
He who pays well may borrow again.
Of what does not concern you say nothing, good or bad.
Indian dollar forward premia-(closing)-Aug 20.
On death row, Chun keeps South Korea guessing.
I do not think this presentation advances the arguments.
Lazybones take all day to get started.
Although we all knew there were risks, we really can't believe this has happened.
Peru 42-day CDs draw 14.43 pct avg yield at sale.
It is not easy to guard the hen that lays her eggs abroad.
He that will conquer must fight.
Italian bonds/futures.
Full details of Park given on pages 12 and 13.
Its fierce shine compelled Mungo to his feet.
For weeks they talked of nothing but Polly and her privet bird.
Patlex Corp shareholders OK reorganization.
Your enemy makes you wiser.
Better go about than be drowned.
RTRS - Mine group say tax in budget to hurt industry.
What we possess is always beautiful.
He heard Anton stir behind him.
An awful lot of women have but aren't told so.
Better be kind at home than burn incense in a far place.
Let them be birds. (Small eggs make little soup.)
He that climbs high, falls heavily.
AlliedSignal to build plant, double output.
Bring not a bagpipe to a man in trouble.
British strikes show unions retain clout -TUC boss.
Erm you've got your letter about the following Sunday didn't you ?
Limit your inquiry after knowledge.
This is a very basic requirement of any measuring device.
Mobil Oil strong on quiet Ghana bourse.
And if there are any such sentences, UP will be false as it stands.
We have saved many birds (like the Avocet) from extinction in Britain.
I gave them their orders and they wanted to stay and discuss them.
Kisses that are easily obtained are easily forgotten.
Eagles do not breed doves.
Mandela names S.African arts,technology minister.
Mississippi gives tobacco attorneys list of experts.
Let the dead bury the dead.
Praise makes good men better and bad men worse.
Will John Major leave office? asked Mick Brown smartly.
Who sows ill reaps ill.
He settled at Conakry, the capital, expecting that his stay would be brief.
He who has sheep has fleeces.
Bare is brotherless back.
The righteous pays for the sinner.
I always used to think that, why can't, why can't they push Mrs Thatcher
PRESS DIGEST - Lebanon - Aug 26.
In the Power case Woolf L.J.
Everything new is beautiful.
Academic work has always meant freedom for me.
A fair promise binds a fool.
A rich man is either a scoundrel or the heir of a scoundrel.
UAW breaks tradition, delays strike target choice.
Dirty tanker fixtures and enquiries - 1818 GMT.
INDICATORS - Key Indian economic data.
A separate action is not, in our opinion, necessary.
Look, if the Trabant can achieve cult status
Dhaka stocks end up on gains by engineering,banks.
To get the chicks one must coax the hen.
Something is better than nothing.
All, that is, save the last.
If ye do wrang, mak amends.
You have married a beauty? So much the worse for you.
But no amount of determination could wipe away a strong feeling of apprehension.
Practical WOODWORKING BRITAIN'S MOST POPULAR WOODWORKING MAGAZINE
They both faced each other and saluted.
Abundance of money is a trial for a man.
Not your baby, not our baby, certainly not my baby.
When the Spaniard sings, he is either mad or has no money.
They lack experience, principle and vision.
Idleness is the parent of all vice.
Fortunate is he whom the dangers of others have rendered cautious.
It has a symbolic role to play.
Happy is he that is happy in his children.
It is advantageous to follow advice, for you will succeed in life.
USWC crude up with WTI, diffs flat with deal seen.
There is mony a true tale tauld in jest.
Three things kill a man: a scorching son, suppers, and cares.
He tried again ten minutes later with the same result.
Whoredom and thieving are never long concealed.
We'll feature the best entries and the setting-up of the winning tank.
Already he has schemes under way to make Southwell handsomely viable, however.
In the light of the information collected, the following observations are offered:
There they were, in every colour
Westinghouse creates new television channel.
Halifax underlying profit up six percent.
A good place for private parties.
Jordan king to meet deputies over bread riots.
The bust of Mercury cannot be cut from every wood.
Suffering and patience, obedience and application, help the lowly born to honour.
He is wise that knows when he is well enough.
Alternatively, stroll around Switzerland's delightful cities where old and new blend in perfect harmony.
Brazil central bank bond rate drops to 2.638 pct.
Your feet are in the mud; to me the mud has become roses.
Oil tanks hide behind pampas grasses and dried-up clematis.
Kiwi Eurobonds boom as Australia, Canada lose shine.
U.S. aflatoxin scare mays spark corn rally - trade.
These two old chaps both knew Claudia.
Edison's Socal hopes to restart lines today.
He lowered his hand and gazed out to sea again.
Stig makes a full recovery which is some compensation.
Arch Alberta well tests 1,100 bbl/day.
A thief seldom grows rich by thieving.
It's ill jesting with edged tools.
Many go out for wool, and come home shorn.
U.S. shrugs off reported electoral fraud in Bosnia.
Spain's Rato says Buba move good for Spain.
PRESS DIGEST - Algeria - Aug 22.
The might of the Nazis cannot destroy memory.
Time and experience are great educators.
When a musician hath forgotten his note, He makes as though a crumb stuck in his throat.
The hunter in pursuit of an elephant does not stop to throw stones at birds.
City of Laredo, Texas, $12 mln issue priced.
The wrong doer is never without a pretext.
U.S. base metals and scrap prices - August 26.
A small gift is better than a great promise.
The full-fed cow makes company of her tail.
OSCE says Grozny civilians need food, water.
PAUL STERN EASES OUT IN FRONT
Comparative mythology combined with psychiatry is a mixture of dangerous brews.
Better be silent than speak ill.
China to issue more overseas bonds.
Advise and counsel him; if he does not listen, let adversity teach him.
DISEASE HITS S.AFRICAN OSTRICH STEAK EXPORTS.
He that is not sensible of his loss has lost nothing.
"Own kin are the worst friends," said the fox, when he saw the foxy dogs after him.
This is not an issue which I have thought necessary to decide.
Wexford approached Nora Fanshawe and she turned to face him.
A rose is a rose is a rose.
It is a foul bird that fills his own nest.
Sloothaak had some fraught viewing before his prize was safe.
GE unit to buy 80 pct stake in Marubeni unit.
But now, it sounds crazy but I have never felt so happy.
One such area is in the south of the Peak District National Park.
Wit is folly unless a wise man hath the keeping of it.
Servants differ as their masters.
SOCCER-NEWCOMERS IN DANISH WORLD CUP SQUAD.
Herbert Jos de Souza has been awarded Brazil's National Human Rights Prize.
Uncle Alfred wrinkled his nose at the idea.
I think she might be a nurse, but I dunno where I am.
Soviet threat eased by troop reductions
All things change, and we change with them. [Lat., Omnia mutantur, nos et mutamur in illis.]
Great cry and little wool, quoth the devil, when he sheared his hogs.
INDICATORS - Spain - updated August 23.
Don't try to analyse the motives and thoughts of the rest of us.
Dutch closing debt market report.
Coats on hooks in the hallway.
The fool who is silent passes for wise.
Now you can see that they're fairly close together aren't they.
624 applying Belmont Finance Corporation Ltd. v. Williams Furniture Ltd. 1979 Ch. 250.
Hanging and wiving go by destiny.
RTRS-NFM directors recommend Normandy bid.
Turkish trade mission to visit Ukraine, China.
Cacciapaglia joins PaineWebber. [CORRECTED 15:55 GMT]
Taiwan July index of leading indicators down.
The fear of war is worse than war itself.
Is this possible because of its very thin application?
We've split our help into four areas of concern:
For discussion of this, see Chapter 9.
ADVANCED LOGIC RESEARCH COMMENTS ON LATEST FIGURES
Honesty lasts longest.
Better spare at brim than at bottom.
Let every one be content with what God has given him.
A rubber band round each bundle and the job was done.
TENNIS-RESULTS AT TOSHIBA CLASSIC.
Compass Group to buy Service America.
I it's it's very similar in properties to saltpetre, and it comes from Chile.
Jersey City, N.J., lists bonds to be refunded.
A sly rabbit will have three openings to its den.
Pleasures, while they flatter, sting.
The shallower the brook, the more it babbles.
Belgians hopeful missing girls still alive.
N.Y. City official urges city to sue tobacco firms.
RESEARCH ALERT-Skylark rated.
A threatened buffet is never well given.
Nothing moved in the entire length of Westmuir Street.
TransCo awards September tender for UK gas.
Pregnancy is not an occupational hazard of nursing an 82-year-old arthritic woman.
OMV to continue drilling off Albania coast.
PARTNERS LINE UP TO DEVELOP INTELLIGENT VEHICLE HIGHWAY SYSTEMS
Slovak PM Meciar replaces three key ministers.
Take your audience by the hand and lead them along with you.
The same appears to apply to the strategies of individuals involved in reciprocal collaboration.
Asian markets relish gains on U.S. rate outlook.
PSA calls suitability rule step in right direction.
Venezuela cement consumption falls 20 pct in Q2.
ECC International Q4 shr nil vs $0.37.
It is better to leave than to lack.
It is good sleeping in a whole skin.
VNU BUSINESS INFO PROFITS OFFSET TV LOSSES.
We expiate in old age the follies of our youth.
LPC-Four banks lending Avis Inc $2.25 bln -sources.
Those he recommends for the cross.
FOCUS - Pru boosts coffers as SwissRe buys M&amp;G.
RTR-Australians see meat problems for some time.
Two Polish garment firms in export joint-venture.
Indian soymeal exporters hesitant on new contracts.
Alternatively, take out a subscription to Ideal Home.
Whom God wishes to destroy, he first makes mad.
China tourism revenues up 15.26 pct in Jan-June.
Joy and sorrow are to-day and to-morrow.
Can we come and bail her our?
COMPUTER OUTSOURCING SERVICES TO ACQUIRE ANONYMOUS PAYROLL SERVICES COMPANY
ATHLETICS-BRUSSELS GRAND PRIX RESULTS.
something wrong with all the people that allow a few people to do this?
Yeltsin takes break in Russian lake district.
There is falsehood in fellowship.
India rupee dips on dlr demand from state-run bank.
Whenever you feel the burning, stinging signs of cystitis, you need relief fast.
Estonian Savings Bank okays Bank of Industry deal.
Don't stand by the water and long for fish; go home and weave a net.
Analysts' estimates for USDA Cattle on Feed Report.
Building castles in the air.
Why do you let them say these things?
whereas some processes may have much lower running costs.
Write on one of the devil's horns, "Good angel," and many will believe it.
But the Senate may yet overturn this.
Men's ignorance makes the pot boil for priests.
He who dispraises a thing, wants to buy it.
Better something on the arm than all in the stomach.
Colombia army chief cites rebel threat.
He who is absent is always in the wrong.
The CIA ordered a surveillance plane to the area.
Go softly at bad bits of road.
Better belly burst than good victuals spoil.
(Medium-wave is not much good at night.)
Italian shares drift lower in uncertain market.
Russian, Chechen military leaders sign final truce.
Maura had never dreamt that she could feel like she felt at this moment.
Myriad Genetics yr shr loss shrinks.
Your hand is never the worse for doing its own work.
There is a nice little restaurant just at the corner of this street.
Brazil cenbank lends banks 4.6 bln reais in July.
Who frequents the kitchen smells of smoke.
One man excels in one thing, another in another.
Saints appear to fools.
Is the SDLP Socialist? (50p): The truth about Labour's sister-party.
Where vice is vengeance follows.
Italy court says life of farmer's son worth little.
IPE Brent falls, closes near low on MOC selling.
The fewer the words, the better the prayer.
At the age of 32, he has yet to win a major championship.
They've mollied you for far too long.
He felt he had to make some kind of protest, no matter how feeble.
PRESS DIGEST - London Evening Standard - Aug 20.
Mr. Weller's Return To The Chart World
Jordan's Central Bank offers 15 mln dinars in CD's.
A kick from a mare never hurt a horse.
British Data in merger talks with Mentmore.
Metro One prices initial offering.
The grapes are sour, said the fox, when he could not get at them.
There were two further doubts about the process.
You would be over the stile ere you come at it.
PRESS DIGEST - Norway - Aug 22.
A father maintains ten children better than ten children one father.
Executive share option schemes are also spreading.
Sloth is the key to poverty.
In the past such kidneys had been wrapped in cellophane, inevitably producing renal hypertension.
First, there was the three magazine from the greengrocers.
Washington to curb Tamil support in U.S.-Sri Lanka.
In dull car market, rental firms boom in Shanghai.
The cow does not know the value of her tail till she has lost it.
I also love spaghetti with a simple sauce pasta's great for weight watchers.
An old head on young shoulders.
SOCCER-SHARPE HITS WINNER TO EASE PRESSURE ON LEEDS.
India Gujarat Ambuja 95/96 net up 47 pct.
Soon ripe, soon rotten; soon wise, soon foolish.
Lipper general muni fund index 128.35, down 0.08.
It is a sorry house in which the cock is silent and the hen crows.
Secured loans will range from 18.5 to 20.9 APR.
That wis the last wan ever.
Australian police more hopeful for missing Irish.
It's not the end of the world.
The toothless man envies those who can eat well.
Legal Adviser to British Government, 1974.
A man said he had breathed for ages and felt nothing.
Eventually it was as faint as the steady tap-tap of a distant woodpecker.
RENEE HENRY underwent a lumpectomy and radiotherapy for her breast cancer.
crocodile deity of the Fayum and Kom Ombo, frequently represented as a crocodile-headed man.
The best horse can't wear two saddles.
Can you two men row as well as my daughter?
This turned out to be a major administrative problem.
Marriage is heaven and hell.
China has welcomed the British action.
Net per share fell 50% to 0.04.
I turned to him and said: If you will perhaps follow me, sir.
Honey in the mouth saves the purse.
The flawed pot lasts longest.
You won't help shoots grow by pulling them up higher.
Come, let us put an end to all this looking back.
What the young one begs for, the grown-up throws away.
Two die in clashes with police in Bangladesh.
Never buy through your ears but through your eyes.
Harris Savings Q2 shr falls with revision.
His ability to rationalise verged on the psychopathic.
Take heed of enemies reconciled, and of meat twice boiled.
Better walk unshackled in a green meadow, than be bound to a thorn-brush.
Computer Associates, Intel in pact.
We've come a long, long way in just five years.
Skeptics are never deceived.
God saves the moon from the wolves.
He put his head on one side.
Thinking of where you are going, you forget whence you came.
Active cement shares push Egypt shares up.
When the measure is full, it runs over.
But maybe you can educate people out of it rather than ban?
UN members get new plan to end Burundi fighting.
Throw a lucky man in the sea, and he will come up with a fish in his mouth.
FEATURE - Top U.S. executives tempted by thrills of start-ups.
His apparent rejection of her seems like the rejection of all mankind.
In the 12 months to February Canada's visible-trade surplus increased to 9.7 billion.
A man must keep his mouth open a long while before a roast pigeon files into it.
The fall of the leaf; is a whisper to the living.
A snake lies concealed in the grass.
MFS WorldCom seen as European upmarket threat.
NYMEX electricity futures end mixed, PV higher.
You always, he said, swaying slightly in the darkness.
I don't know why I think that'd be so bad.
Jingwei sees improving earnings.
Or rather, I want different things at different times.
Never speak ill of the dead.
Now he is a care worker in a home for mentally handicapped adults.
Some pilgrims have taken as much as five gallons of water, Fr Fellows said.
I've been wondering about that, he said.
Who saw Kermit vomiting in his pint glass!
You do not need a whip to urge on an obedient horse.
LME copper drifts lower with weaker spreads.
From what has taken place we infer what is about to happen.
Singapore rubber futures close narrowly mixed.
Foreigners neutral on Japan shares via 'Big Four'.
But these were not serious grounds for going to Rome to be crowned.
He who is silent gains store.
India buys 120,000 tns diesel in tender for Oct.
Small profits and often, are better than large profits and seldom.
Where did Mr C go for his rap lessons?
No sweet without sweat.
Wooltru shr up slightly, wary on prospects.
If his legs fail him, he fights on his knees.
This may be thought scarcely auspicious.
An old dog does not grow used to the collar.
UK grain futures higher on demand, slow harvest.
Can you hold it, if you just hold it about, like that, yes.
You must walk a long while behind a wild goose before you find an ostrich feather.
It is time enough to take off your hat when you see the man.
No wind can do him good who steers for no port.
He that eats till he is sick must fast till he is well.
Young gambler, old beggar.
Brazil TBC cut to 1.88 pct in September - paper.
A fair face may make a foul bargain.
It is the duty of friends mutually to correct each other.
RTRS-Great Central gold mines run strong.
Daimler expected to report profit after record loss in '95.
Swiss traders confirm SNB addding liquidity.
From the cradle to the tomb, Not all gladness, not all gloom.
If you are ready to believe, you are easy to deceive.
Jordan orders out three Iraqi embassy staffers.
Wealth makes wit waver.
To whom do you offer your shells for sale? To people who come from Saint Michel (where shells abound).
Report pegs Isuzu, Honda trucks as unsafe.
The world likes to be cheated.
Mark 13 v31 and Luke 21 v33.
RTRS-No hurry for election - Australia's Howard.
The World Ocean Circulation Experiment begins next year and extends to 1995.
Manila asks court to void Eastern Telecom sale.
Pull Chapman forward to the 1980s and he would revel in the challenge.
Albanians kill rare sea lion, and want reward.
Petro-Canada cuts Canada light oil prices.
Dropping water makes the rock hollow, not by its force, but by constant action.
Two hungry meals make the third a glutton.
Oh good, oh I, I'm rather pleased about that
They thought there was something wrong with me.
As 23 August approached, I couldn't resist recalling my prediction for a release.
Whittaker pushes profit forecast to FY97.
India Crisil rating for fixed deposits, debentures.
If people lead, the leaders will follow.
Shoemaker stick to your last.
The more you stir a turd, the more it stinks.
Taiwan-China rivalry sizzles as HK handover looms.
GM, Ford top UAW's list for contract talks - NYT.
Kenya shilling strengthens against the dollar.
Chile's Endesa mulls refinery - report.
FOCUS-Weak economy hits Krupp profits.
Truth fears no trial. -Proverb.
A people without history is like wind on the buffalo grass.
Croatian stocks mixed, new market vigour expected.
Do I have to spell out to you how important this is to me?
"With great pleasure," says the boor, when he must.
Indian rupee ends steady vs dlr, forwards volatile.
Who accepts, sells himself.
One might as well be hanged for a sheep as a lamb.
Preval visits scene of attack on Haitian police.
Wall Street stocks little changed at open.
I needed to get away, to hide, too.
IDM Environmental Q2 shr drops to nil.
I was ignoring the debt I owed her.
She did not need to ring.
RESEARCH ALERT - Hershey cut to neutral.
IBANEZ 540S, as new, for good Gibson Les Paul Standard or Deluxe.
CRICKET-SUSSEX PART COMPANY WITH BANNED GIDDINS.
You come with a cat and call it a rabbit.
It's good feasting in another's hall.
Believe not that the stream is shallow because its surface is smooth.
Oman's 1995 M2 money supply grows yr/yr 7.7 pct [CORRECTED 14:45 GMT].
When the tree falls every one runs to cut boughs.
INDICATORS - Egypt - updated Aug 26.
Its pictures should be artistically entrancing as well.
The orchestration is wonderful and there is an absolutely beautiful trumpet part.
Caterpillar says sues Deere over tractor.
The one who loves you will make you weep.
Sarajevo marks anniversary of marketplace massacre.
RTRS-Australian Broadcasting Corp Morning Update.
But Parliament had said that that was what judges had to do.
Greek fx forwards dip on expected tighter rate gap.
Topics include Islamic Architecture, 11 Oct.
Brazil's real closes steady in calm trading.
Wise men learn by other men's mistakes; fools, by their own.
Disappointingly, the operation did nothing for my legs.
The Conservative Party is very weak in Scotland.
World oil prices fall sharply on profit-taking.
It is difficult to spit honey out of a mouth full of gall.
Longs Drug Store Corp Q2 net rises.
The more wit the less courage.
There were no longer any cries from upstairs.
The tongue ever turns to the aching tooth.
To hell with heritage, and the land,
I think we would have been friends.
A bad agreement is better than a good lawsuit.
A joyous evening often leads to a sorrowful morning.
Somewhere dark and slightly damp will be ideal.
Even proud to be the cause.
Grass fears the frost, frost fears the sun.
Curtains for old-style Belgian 100 franc note.
He who has daughters is always a shepherd.
TransCo tender for Sept, Oct gas closes.
The Saint's Everlasting Rest was the most popular book Baxter wrote.
The shooting was completed, and we had passed all our physical tests.
Time and place make the thief.
Consonant sounds can be paired together.
NOVELL AND DEC PLAN NETWARE 4.0 FOR ALPHA
Shanghai B shares end down despite rate cut.
In eating 'tis good to begin, one morsel helps the other in.
Neither witness wished to be identified for fear of ridicule.
The Doctor pursed his lips in thought.
Raw cashmere price hurts China's sheep farmers.
Civilians issue cry for help from Grozny cellars.
I shall not pursue these points.
Economic statistics: Labour market statistics: average earnings.
Japan Resistor - 1996 parent forecast.
But, for the moment, the cycle has turned.
CRICKET-ENGLAND V PAKISTAN FINAL TEST SCOREBOARD.
It would puzzle even Apollo to understand it.
German money supply slowed on average in July - Buba.
Keep counsel of thyself first.
Honey-tongued, soft spoken, malicious, and unprincipled in conduct.
Could you suggest a medium which would help the oil paint to flow better?
A stick is a peacemaker.
Roy Jenkins's appearance had the sleek pomposity of Mr Podsnap.
FCL, Citifor get 37.5 pct of NZ forest, BIL 25 pct.
Ari lazily observed its ripening crescendo.
It goes beyond conventional drug design.
US CREDIT OUTLOOK -- Old concern and fresh supply.
Close sits my shirt, but closer my skin.
The beginning hot, the middle lukewarm, the end cold.
IBM basically told the weekly, No way.
See how he has risen from a mayor to a hangman.
He is a poor Smith who is afraid of sparks.
I think if anything, I'm sure it would.
NEXT MONTH in our July issue
It's time to get Britain working again essential reading for every voter.
There is no economy in going to bed early to save candles if the result is twins.
A lover should be regarded as a person demented.
Do you think you could come tomorrow instead?
Ignorance is bliss.
There was no indication that the animals had been drugged.
Russian commander vows to oust rebels from Grozny.
We were again reminded of those other black birds we'd hoped to find: choughs.
First Financial sets qtly $0.30/share.
BT SHARES AT THE PUSH OF A BUTTON
Ceausescu doctor quits government in reshuffle.
Okay so you'd had a bit of a break that's good.
Ann helped me try to resuscitate him.
UK shares start weaker as Wall Street weighs.
Iberia July load factor rises to 73 pct.
John Revell discusses the best sources for reclaimed timber.
When a man's friend marries, all is over between them.
When the mantis hunts the locust, he forgets the shrike that's hunting him.
NY precious metals end weaker in quiet trade.
Give him your finger and he will seize your hand.
Following source-language norms may involve minimal change in overall meaning (other factors excluded).
Only three things in life are certain birth, death and change.
An ox is taken by the horns, and a man by the tongue.
This word comes from people I trust.
It makes a good example for them.
It fell to Pentagon officials to publicise this crucial information.
Don't give cherries to pigs or advice to fools.
implemented automated clocking and time recording systems
Netanyahu says PLO talks soon, PLO doubts benefit.
Good never comes too often.
Should have done he's just overtaken him.
They were such old friends that expressions of love were probably unnecessary.
Pride goeth before destruction, and a haughty spirit before a fall.
Loud blasts echoed up from the valley below.
I feel like he's the child, and I've got to be the adult.
AEGON H1 BREAKDOWN PER SECTOR.
Indonesia's SBIs auction results.
Share prices ended 1990 38.7% down in yen terms.
Well I'm afraid we're out of time there !
First of all, let's review the construction of this scale
I never inquired after Jean-Claude and I never heard from him.
Croatian stocks mixed, traders expect rise.
Toasted cheese hath no master.
SOUTH AFRICA MARKETS LOOK TO STALS FOR RATE CLUES.
MICROCOM GRANTED PATENT FOR MNP CLASS 10 FEATURE
Bernalillo, N.M., $1.2 mln schools Baa by Moody's.
Like a bad dream, said Doyle.
I don't, I don't think I'd be able to put things together
Treachery lurks in honeyed words.
Even a worm will turn.
FASTRAK ACCESS CODE: AMS from 1 January 1992
Princess Alexandra opens the 1989 Park Lane Hotel Antiques Fair, London W1.
S.Korea's NLCF buys 52,000T of U.S. No 3. corn.
Christopher Hutt, financial secretary to BMS writes: Dear Mrs Scott,
Say goodbye to structured hair movement and freedom of style are IN!
Too much care does more harm than good.
The same had not been true at Cambridge.
He glances towards Oatrigg, lifting his eyes to the other sky.
I'm a fucking moth bashing its head against a fucking window.
Now, I try not to think too much about those days.
Hindu pilgrims stranded in Himalayas after 84 die.
The axe forgets what the tree remembers.
One eye-witness is better than ten ear-witnesses.
Want will be your master.
He gazed at her, hurt and disappointment in his eyes.
First class accommodation just one mile from City Centre.
Cheap things are not good, good things are not cheap.
To him that watches, everything is revealed.
The significance of both points will become clearer in section 3.6.
A pair of light shoes is not all that is needed for dancing.
Differences in wage levels parallel the regional differences in unionization.
Argentine July raw steel output up 14.8 pct vs '95.
It detracts from their innocence, somehow.
A growing youth has a wolf in his belly.
Recruits wanted to help organise arts exhibitions
The second level of social control relates to the use of drugs.
Nurenberg wit and a skilful hand, will find their way through every land.
It only hurts when I laugh, she said.
Those who attended ATB courses had found them beneficial.
* India floating rate note (FRN) rates - August 26.
LPC-Tunisia to get $100 million in 7-year loan.
Human resource management in schools requires a total approach which has the following components:
There is no worse water than that which sleeps.
Who loves well chastises well.
Some groups may be for information giving.
'Tis never too late to mend.
And on that basis I would
A watched clock never tells the time.
What harm is there in a good word? It costs nothing.
Discover what's cooking in your garden.
Oregon Bond Bank $6 mln deal single-A by Moody's.
What ever happened to dime novels?
Spanish Treasury seen tightening bill rate.
Fort Worth, Texas, $2.735 mln won by NationsBanc.
Cathay Pacific cuts fares from Germany.
Could there be more telling evidence of the king's authority vis-vis the pope?
The thief is no danger to the beggar.
Calls for a public enquiry were once again echoing on our television screens.
MIDCOM Communications completes debt deal.
Toyo Chemical to issue 30 mln SFR warrant.
The Welshman keeps nothing till he has lost it.
Wear and tear on the paintwork of the Queen's bedroom.
The court is most merciful when the accused is most rich.
The other Nouvielle lakes are infinitely more hospitable.
I want to wash your hair.
SOCCER-CHAMPIONS PORTO KICK OFF SEASON WITH A DRAW.
It is dear-bought butter that is licked off a woolcomb.
Michael is quits; he lost a ducat and gained a rabbit.
Ads from Marxism Today June 1990
One hour's sleep before midnight is better than three after it.
If you wish good advice, consult an old man.
Micron shares off with chip prices falling.
Better a dinner of herbs where love is, than a stalled ox and hatred therewith.
Intl cotton group cuts China 96/97 cotton estimate.
The plum tree, dwindling, contains less of the spring; But the garden is wider, and holds more of the moon.
Refreshed, I went up on deck and looked at the waves.
To all he gave of himself warmly, considerately, and empathically.
The reason some people are stingy is also the reason they are rich.
Only mad dogs and Englishmen go out in the noonday sun.
Argentina's crop could be around 10m tonnes.
It is, indeed, true that we do have no idea of spirit.
OPTIONS -- EOE options volumes - close.
A man may woo where he will, but he will wed where his hap is.
CAPTIVITY DRIVES TURTLES UP THE WALL.
CenCor to buy some notes, updates liquidation plan.
These had been in Rome since at least the end of the sixteenth century.
Who has no shame all the world is his own.
The higher up, the greater fall.
Less advice and more hands.
What if an employee is not entitled to SMP?
There wouldn't be such a thing as counterfeit gold if there were no real gold somewhere.
Ontario Hydro sets C$500 mln 8.25 pct 30-year bond.
The gown does not make the monk.
In 1990 output at Bom Futuro is likely to have totalled only 21,000 tonnes.
Possunt quia posse videntur They can because they seem to be able to
ASTRA unit sells oil tanker for $4.1 mln.
Where curiosity is not the purveyor, detraction will soon be starved.
Zimbabwe civil servants strike for pay.
He who has a white horse and a fair wife is seldom without trouble.
Salmon and sermon have their season in Lent.
(1) (2) Prepared in mind and resources. While I breathe, I hope. Animis opibusque parati Dum spiro, spero
Firms delay listings on depressed Thai bourse.
Philip Morris flaunts profitability despite woes.
Man is himself the author of every sorrow he endures.
Stocks rise as tech shares, bonds rally.
Don't put all your eggs in one basket.
He was a talented opening batsman.
Handsome is as handsome does.
Set your sail according to the wind.
Aha, the message has got through.
A happy heart is better than a full purse.
But unlike the Spanish rallies, there were almost no women at Sheffield.
The effort of understanding was not being made by me alone.
British mortgage lending hits six-year high.
A short cut is often a wrong cut.
He was again short of money.
We also had an incredible choice of over 500 wines.
When a king has good counselors, his reign is peaceful.
If you have a loitering servant, set his dinner before him and send him on an errand.
I did not enjoy the voyage.
Dogs bark before they bite.
SBC Warburg leads a $100 mln securitised FRN.
NOKIA ADS ENDS AT $40-3/8 (FIM 181.10).
He that makes a good war makes a good peace.
He who does not when he can, cannot when he will.
One would rather be bitten by wolves than by sheep.
A good horse and a bad horse need the spur; a good woman and a bad woman need the stick.
Wherever a man dwells, he shall be sure to have a thorn-bush near his door.
Jewell polygraph expert once cleared guilty man.
The rough net is not the best catcher of birds.
A single day grants what a whole hear denies.
She looked at Sapt, at Fritz, and finally at me again.
The mill does not grind without water.
But some attempt at disguise is essential.
Lose nothing for want of asking.
A man is a lion in his own cause.
RTRS-Melbourne train collides with truck, 15 injured.
Give to him that has.
We began to pick up speed in our responses to unfolding human rights crises.
Even a small star shines in the darkness.
One was launched into my consciousness by Linda Lee Potter, in the Daily Mail.
When you go to dance, take heed whom you take by the hand.
They spoke very little of their feelings for each other.
A penny saved is a penny got.
THE HISTORY OF THE NEXT FEW YEARS.
He told us he was 16 but really he was only 15.
Always start at the edge and not in the middle.
Laws go where dollars please.
KL secondaries end at new high, blue chips off.
Dollar jumps against mark after German rate cut.
Take a dog for a companion and a stick in your hand.
(3) Half-sister to be afforded reasonable contact.
If a man deceive me once, shame on him; if he deceive me twice, shame on me.
FOUR SIGN DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENTS WITH QUALCOMM
Bank of England executive to join Nomura International.
Fish, to taste good, must swim three times: in water, in butter, and in wine.
Without bread and wine even love will pine.
Animals are an endless source of inspiration for sculptor Sally Matthews
Bad ware must be cried up.
U.S stocks end higher as techs, bonds bounce.
Longs Drug Stores Inc Q2 shr rises.
SOCCER-SPONSORS CASH IN ON RAVANELLI'S SHIRT DANCE.
and the silence of happiness will again sink upon us.
As they brew, so let them drink.
Moldova 28, 182-day T-bill yields fall, 91-day up.
Full vessels give the least sound.
The early case-study section demonstrated how they are used in a training environment.
I work on a farm in England and my mother works in an office.
A friend by thee is better than a brother far off.
Teacher training colleges are also listed, as are books for further reading.
Water temperature: A wide range of 6080F is tolerated.
Nampa, Idaho, Urban Agency revs 5.392 pct in 2005.
Hypocritical piety is double iniquity.
Thai tapioca exports down 0.8 pct in yr to Aug 15.
My husband said Look at this bugger, he's obviously just arrived.
Be it better, be it worse, Be ruled by him that bears the purse.
He had allowed himself to hope.
Old birds are not caught with cats.
The two factors working together are most apparent when we experience a sudden shock.
Better a friend than money to spend.
RESEARCH ALERT-CPFL still an accumulate.
Under capitalism man exploits man; under socialism the reverse is true.
Don't be a thief and you won't fear the king.
Cambodia asks World Bank to increase loans.
From the withered tree, a flower blooms.
NETWARE USERS ASSOCIATION COMES FROM IBM 93 SHOW
HEICO Corp Q3 full results.
Give me the ass that carries me in preference to the horse that throws me.
Some of the names I have changed, some I have not.
Man is to man a wolf, man is to man a demon.
I'll make you a good wife, Tyler.
One bird in the hand is worth four in the air.
A dry May and a dripping June Bring all things into tune.
No man can make another's destiny and all the wishing in the world will not make it so.
Hope remembered he had invited the chaplain to call on him.
Mad as a wet hen.
All good things must come to an end.
The obstacles to a dedicated channel are partly technical and partly financial.
A wave of cold seemed to emanate through the funereal drapery.
A man know's no more to any purpose than he practises.
Norman to take ASDA chair, Leighton CEO.
Romanian leu nudges down to 3,155/65 to dlr.
Anger has no eyes.
Escaping from the smoke he falls into the fire.
Let me go warm, and folks may laugh.
Burma raids heroin refineries, seizes chemicals.
Willie smiled, his cheeks burning with excitement.
The evening crowns the day.
Move your neck according to the music.
Suspicion is the poison of friendship.
There is no worse water than still water.
No deliveries seen on MATIF September wheat.
We did 100 each and Mike shared out his parcel.
The wolf does that in the course of the week which hinders him from going to mass on Sunday.
AMBAC qualifies five muni issues for insurance.
A small cloud may hide both sun and moon.
US spot natgas retreats on cooler weather forecast.
Gold Fields yr shr slips, div steady.
Similarly there is a morally significant difference between reckless driving and manslaughter.
Needs must when the devil drives.
GrandMet appoints president of IDV Americas.
Swift's favourite conjunctions, according to Milic, are and, but, and for.
He who does as he likes has no headache.
Hong Kong sees tourism up 10 pct in handover year.
Dead mice feel no cold.
or did it mean a few more Hail Marys
After a thrifty father, a prodigal son.
If heaven made him, earth can find some use for him.
Siemens -led group wins $2 bln China order.
In a relatively heavy poll Labour won eighteen seats, the Alliance six.
Taiwan construction stocks up on recovery hopes.
Habit becomes second nature.
He who is embarked with the devil must make the passage in his company.
CZECH IPB TAKES OVER VERTEX.
Sun International says to merge with Griffin.
NEI boosts half year shr.
God grant me to contend with those that understand me.
Do as you would be done unto.
Presumption first blinds a man, and then sets him a running.
He who hunts two hares from one bush, is not likely to catch either.
Two more U.S. military planes crash in bad year.
IPO FILING -- Specialty Catalog Corp.
See, hear, and hold your tongue.
As the best wine makes the sharpest vinegar, so the deepest love turns to the deadliest hatred.
Novell, Xerox, WhetStone in pact.
The best cloth has uneven threads.
He that bewails himself hath the cure in his hands.
This simple thought made a deep impression on me.
They detect the presence of carrion by sight.
A word is enough to the wise. [Lat., Verbum sat sapienti.]
Govern your passions, or they will govern you.
He who is guilty believes that all men speak ill of him.
People stop me in the street, badger me
New York City plans $1.6 bln note sale in Sept.
A handful of good life is better than a bushel of learning.
It was taken 300 miles up, from a satellite.
This theme will be explored further in the next chapter.
But the Government was not keen to give blanket cover on the mainland.
Now the whole LBO market is suspect.
Merchants NY Bancorp sets stock buyback.
That you have but slumbered here
He may well be contented who needs neither borrow nor flatter.
Or was he with his arms over his head on the floor?
U.S. sorghum weekly export sales highlights -- USDA.
By 12.45 am restaurant time is over, so we look round the nightclubs.
Who goes not, sees not; who proves not, believes not.
Three things are not to be trusted; a cow's horn, a dog's tooth, and a horse's hoof.
Feather by feather the goose can be plucked.
Speaking of drink, though, have you any?
No ape but swears he has the handsomest children.
War hero Colin Powell hits road with Dole campaign.
Shuffle Master in pact with Intl Game.
Liberty Investors raises interim shr, div.
Direct bond trades on the Czech PSE - Aug 21.
God help the rich, the poor can beg.
Gateway goes retail with Destination PC/TV.
I look around, he says, and there is no one there behind.
The afterthought is good for nought, except it be to catch blind horses with.
Limping justice ne'er will fail To hunt out the longest trail.
So long as they're part of a sensible low fat diet.
RTRS-Australian budget saves A$3.9 bln in 1996/97.
All the sheep are not for the wolf.
There are also plans for a theme park next to Disneyland.
I came, I saw, I won.
There's no mistake it was my sister.
A bird in the cage is worth a hundred at large.
GAN up sharply on CIC report.
It is only an approximation of the swing eighth notes.
Wall St indices closing - Aug 21.
Thurso has got a swimming pool and a wine bar.
Estonian parliament rebuffs President Meri.
Faint praise is akin to abuse.
The cloying PR bills the evening as unashamedly nostalgic.
AUA near alliance with Singapore - report.
Cheung Kong interim net up 37 pct.
The Gumnut Factory is at 30 Prindiville Drive, Wangara Centre, WA 6065.
Chastise the good and he will mend, chastise the bad and he will grow worse.
I haven't had any gear for nearly two years.
Carnelian won't play that trick on me again.
When the clouds are upon the hills, They'll come down by the mills.
PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - Aug 21.
Taiwan central bank to inject funds today.
Brazil CSN launches $300 mln export notes.
Pakistan has Sept option on 75,000 T Indian sugar.
A hundred companies are expected to participate.
The dogs bite the last.
You have one minute to give an answer.
Banco de Mexico to inject 2.969 bln pesos.
German cocoa buyers take back seat in summer lull.
That'll interest the forensic all right.
Iran envoy sees British role in Iran development.
D'Arcy said: They're in a hurry.
Many cooks spoil the broth.
There is no pleasure but palls, and the more so if it costs nothing.
Venezuela sets 60 bln bolivar TEM auction Wed.
Enough shovels of earth make a mountain, enough pails of water a river.
Now why would anybody want to do that?
US, EU hold more veterinary, plant talks mid-Sept.
The best things are the first to perish.
FINAL PRICING - Escanaba Area Public Schools.
Tickets, priced 2.50, are available from the National box office on 01-928 2252.
Computer Associates starting Web unit - sources.
Every one takes his pleasure where he finds it.
They must do that down here.
Charm is stronger than beauty.
I took the paper from him.
The workload that students were expected to do on the ward, however, was exhausting.
He looked at Daniel and the other two men.
Nigerian share index higher in brisk trade.
FOCUS-Nedlloyd profits surprise market.
Always in the saddle, never on his way.
He who inherits a farthing, is expected to disburse a dollar.
Zambian doctors strike for better pay.
KCBT wheat ends firm on short-covering, Egypt.
But there were remaining points of similarity.
Polish bourse kerb bond deals - August 20.
At the office I put in a call to Connors that produced nothing.
Every little fish expects to become a whale.
A barber learns to shave by shaving fools.
Every virtue is but halfway between two vices.
Jordan's king collects pledges of loyalty.
FEATURE - Debt deals tie Peru to lofty payments.
French police clash with protesters over Africans.
God chose Psalm 37:4 to tell Gary where he should do the DTS.
He was powerless to change things.
He that makes a thing too fine breaks it.
Friends and mules fail in hard trials.
Hyperbolus was a failure but not a fool.
ROBERTSON v. RIDLEY 1989 2 All ER 474
She heard the sound of rotors chirring through the air outside.
No answer is also an answer.
When at Rome do as the Romans do.
He wears the mourning of his washerwoman.
He is a man, who acts like a man.
Cyclicals bump Swedish shares to higher close.
When ale is in, wit is out.
To give is honour, to beg is dishonour.
Do not push the river, it will flow by itself.
Reportedly, there are still other platforms in the IBM labs.
More than 85 percent of Argentines fear crime.
Indonesia allocates 3.6 mln bbls LSWR in September.
Vanguard July load factor rises.
where the comedians had the world in fits
We all need someone who knows the secret of our hearts.
Unix applications can share data with NetWare LANs using native Unix commands.
But this is easier said than done.
SOCCER-ENGLISH LEAGUE STANDINGS.
The child says nothing, but what it heard by the fire.
Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
By writing we learn to write.
In R. v. Commissioner for Racial Equality, ex p.
Poach the smoked haddock with the onion in water.
By biting and scratching cats and dogs come together.
PRESS DIGEST - MALAWI - AUG 26.
By Tre, Pol, and Pen, You shall know the Cornish men.
Between two friends a notary and two witnesses.
First, I shall read the cards for you.
Volvo H1 pre-tax profit 3.86 bln SKR.
What goes down usually comes up.
AnnTaylor Q2 turns to profit.
Taiwan shipping stocks jump on China link hopes.
CRICKET-ENGLAND 100-2 AT LUNCH ON FIRST DAY OF THIRD TEST.
Warwickshire allrounder Roger Twose: spell of 6 for 11 against Middlesex
Go abroad and you'll hear news of home.
Did you get a late slip?
The relevant conditions of engagement state:
Two reasons strike me for this.
Calls charged at 36p a minute cheap rate, 48p at all other times.
Some companies even faced insolvency as a result.
I couldn't really assess how I'd handled Ali.
We cannot tell our stories without talking dirty or without shocking or offending someone.
Ollie the heartbreaker, Ollie the marriage-breaker.
U.S. lifts travel warning on Guatemala.
RESEARCH ALERT - First Enterprise started.
British rock band Oasis plays secret concert.
Take not a musket to kill a butterfly.
The only waiting area is the equally chilly station foyer.
An ounce of wit that's bought Is worth a pound that's taught.
Bamerindus Seguros H1 net rises.
If you like things easy, you'll have difficulties; if you like problems, you'll succeed.
TENNIS-RESULTS AT TOSHIBA CLASSIC.
The exception which proves the rule.
Of the good man a good pledge, and of the bad neither pledge nor surety.
Texas/w Okla feedlot cattle market inactive - USDA.
India Hind Lever board to meet on Aug 29.
Ask about your neighbors, then buy the house.
Many rotten beams were replaced, as were doors and windows.
Aborigines burn flag in Canberra budget protests.
As they are not programmed, it is impossible to tell precisely how they work.
Temperature is the most critical factor in successful storage.
Bids for Zambia's ZCCM sale to open next year.
The US continued to recognise Mr Delvalle and imposed economic sanctions on Panama.
WINNER OF THE HERITAGE IN BRITAIN AWARD
Zimbabwe civil servants press ahead with strike.
Indonesia's Megawati may have deal with government.
But it won't be tomorrow nor Friday because I'm on late duty those nights.
Apart from some smallholdings and, quite exceptionally, middle-sized farms, no re-privatization is envisaged.
They use to sell all the paper and all that business then
But every encounter brings the prospect of profit.
Dreams are froth.
Venezuela to examine if Coke now a monopoly.
NETWORK IMAGING CORP TO ACQUIRE OPTIX
He would paint flames; and she would paint fire in a brazier.
Every day of your life is a page of your history.
Who has love in his heart has spurs in his sides.
Palestinians call strike in Jerusalem.
French stocks close sharply down on weaker franc.
PRESS DIGEST - Brazil - Aug 27.
Sleep over it, and you will come to a resolution.
Tunis bourse closes almost unchanged.
Wilson &amp; Horton reports flat H1 profit.
Every man for himself, and God for us all.
Mother's truth keeps constant youth.
Shall I leave you alone brother?
Oppression causeth rebellion.
The mouse that has but one hole is quickly taken.
Live today, forget the past.
All roads lead to Rome.
Things past cannot be recalled.
Finnair CEO sees weaker 1996/97 profit.
It also provides interfaces to C, C++, ParcPlace Systems Inc's Smalltalk and LISP.
Mother Teresa said stable after heart trouble.
GREEK PUBLIC FINANCES BASED ON REVISED 1988-96 GDP.
RTRS-B.Philp says sees some improvement.
Goldman Sachs confirms SMH as outperform.
It was originally used by the RAF and sold for civil use in 1938.
Vermont's unemployment rate in July edges up again.
Ridicule is the test of truth.
A copy is supplied to the society.
There is little peace in that house where the hen crows and the cock is mute.
FTSE 100 ends lower, but holds above 3,900 level.
Other carcasses were trussed on the table, ready for cooking.
He was little affected by the Civil War, changing sides when it suited him.
To the devil with so many masters, said the toad to the harrow.
After the storm comes a calm.
He who has a bad wife can expect no happiness that can be so called.
Every sheet has parted. [Every hope has vanished.]
Love me love my dog.
COFINEC SLIPS ON BUDAPEST BOURSE BUT FUTURE STRONG.
He unravels the enigmas of the Sphinx.
Togo names economist as prime minister.
THE TREATMENT AND DISPOSAL OF EFFLUENTS
He came to the driver's window, brushing snow from his suit.
Managerial responses to destructive conflict vary greatly.
Make the night night, and the day day, and you will live pleasantly.
To the ass, or the sow, their own offspring appears the fairest in creation.
Kick an attorney downstairs and he'll stick to you for life.
Australia wants to open nuke debate September 9.
Shanghai Petrochemical sets unchanged div.
Piety, prudence, wit, and civility, are the elements of true nobility.
In most cases it will be personal or in other words movable property.
How can he get all three safely over the river?
In the fiddler's house every one is a dancer.
Solicitors: Carter Faber; Slaughter and May.
DSP Technology Inc Q2 shr falls.
Letter to the Editor: Money problems
Singapore rubber futures end up in light trade.
Dutch state lowers tap sale price to 99.85.
Talk little and well, and you will be looked upon as somebody.
Only when you have crossed the river can you say the crocodile has a lump on his snout.
Stop, look and listen.
Canadian key economic indicators.
He gains enough who loses sorrow.
Spread the table and contention will cease.
Chile shares end down, seen steady next week.
The only thing you can do is funk it!
Experience purchased by suffering teaches wisdom.
When the wind is in the west The weather is at the best.
Let us turn to social implications.
They see it as the first stage in widening contacts with Western Europe.
Wyse is looking for value added resellers in the UK.
Delaney reached a corner, and paused.
Court refuses to block Recoton-Jensen deal.
A man's character reaches town before his person.
A sly rogue is often in good dress.
Spain's 12-month visible-trade deficit narrowed to 11.2 billion in March.
What the child hears at the fireside is soon known at the parish church.
Quarrels do not last long if the wrong is only on one side.
Gross yield 8.44 pct on 3-month Italian T-bills.
You wouldn't even taste it, said worker David Genner.
Indian soybean prices firm, oil, meal up.
South Africa's Unique seeks niche in Peru.
There are one or two magnificent examples coming on to the market.
Closing the Rally Mrs McDonald thanked Miss Thomas for her talk, also Fr.
From pillar to post.
Scratch people where they itch.
She said there'd be eggs come the longer days, said Philip.
BALANCE - Joint School Dist. 151, Idaho, at $2.3 mln.
It has worked out very well for me.
With honour and store, what would you more.
All became clear when the jeep was unloaded at the other end.
Ex-Nazi slaves protest at Farben shareholders' meeting.
Firm trend continues on UK grain futures market.
Pride goeth before destruction, and a haughty spirit before a fall.
Sri Lanka key economic indicators.
So there's no boy in the family to keep poor Will's name alive.
He who lives by the sword dies by the sword.
Thai politician expresses himself with gifts.
Manitoba Pork forward contract AM prices - Aug 21.
Lend not horse, nor wife, nor sword.
Misreckoning is no payment.
The Indian team observed two minutes' silence before the Perth Test.
He that plays at racket must watch the ball.
An indispensable thing never has much value.
But we must have a common code and we must have licensing, he said.
A bribe will enter without knocking.
okay, will you people very carefully go and
Better cut the shoe than pinch the foot.
My next show is Babes in the Wood, in York, he said.
S.AFRICAN JULY CONSUMER PRICE INDEX UP 7.1 PCT Y/Y.
The fool passes for wise if he is silent.
a bit like cakes of paint with hair inside.
A guest and a fish after three days are poison.
BASEBALL-ANGELS SWAMP ORIOLES.
Nepal textile mills end strike against tax hike.
Despite the intoxicating exhaust noise, the Stag is not dynamically exciting.
His illness is more mental than bodily.
A fog cannot be dispelled by a fan.
The existence of the sea means the existence of pirates.
Titles will also be published in European and Asian languages.
U.S. West next-day power firm, back-months lower.
Which book are you talking about, persisted Hadley or Pool or whoever.
The conundrums surrounding forest decline were many.
There's no making a silk purse of a sow's ear.
Metje &amp; Ziegler faces big loss.
Vigorous evangelism and church planting are continuing among an exceptionally responsive people.
As such the facts in this case fall within the ambit of section 16(2).
In Campbell 's case, at p. 676, Watkins L.J.
Daniel looked at Grace, who was busy helping Mrs Dawson.
Now normally your cylinder is lubricated by what?
Everyone is kneaded out of the same dough but not baked in the same oven.
Gibson Greetings names president, CEO.
SunRiver Corp unit details new product. [CORRECTED 22:14 GMT]
The fox may lose his hair, but not his cunning.
Buba cut does nothing for dollar, outlook gloomy.
The rich worry over their money, the poor over their bread.
Injury is to be measured by malice.
Group holds 9.7 pct Electromagnetic stake.
Arriving at the Cafe Royal for his farewell party
Feed a cold and starve a fever.
formation or retention of village greens together with the encouragement of social amenities.
After a brief stop at Gairlochy, I decide to make straight for Fiona's croft.
A good lady and a famous Queen.
The coward sweats in water.
An egg is dear on Easter day.
Finnish Dec CPI seen up 1.5 pct yr/yr - committee.
The absent get further off every day.
THE ADVANTAGES of living in Ireland may become more apparent next week.
A variance of 12m (36ft) is typical between each of the flyers.
Mexican stocks trade despite protest.
Nations in &quot;dry canal&quot; sweepstakes.
A vest or shortie is fine.
INDICATORS - SOUTH AFRICA - AUGUST 23.
Women are never at a loss for words.
Patience overtaxed turns to rage.
PRESS DIGEST - Saudi Arabia - Aug 25.
CBOT grain/oilseed receipts and shipments.
Audience joins in at Shakespeare's Globe.
Have a care not to commence an undertaking of which you may repent.
India's ABB H1 1996 net up 32 pct.
PRESS DIGEST - Indonesian newspapers - August 22.
Hanoi to get tough with import-export tax dodgers.
Young fools think that the old are dotards, but the old have forgotten more than the young fools know.
ATHLETICS-IT'S A RECORD - 40,000 BEERS ON THE HOUSE.
Gadding gossips shall dine on the potlid.
SOCCER-RESULTS OF GERMAN FIRST DIVISION MATCHES.
How then am I to counsel Mary in her distress and fascination?
I think this does call for explanation.
U.S. Spring/White Wheat - Spring bids mixed.
NWE gas oil mainly stronger, prompt barges weaker.
HARD TIMES NOT OVER FOR NEDLLOYD - ANALYSTS.
Is that is that the Council or is that the playhouse.
Can it be that the tales I heard in Geneva were true?
Write to BBC Engineering Information, White City, 201 Wood Lane, London W12 7TS.
A present from a Russian prisoner: a very fat pink pumpkin.
They determine repertoire, secure multi-million-pound recording contracts, hire and fire players.
Mission West, DMB/SVP trim purchase price.
After much ceremony in Accra he was buried in his birth-place, Nkroful.
IOMEGA LAUNCHES ADDITIONS TO FLOPTICAL PRODUCTS
Singapore HSFO rally to continue on strong bids.
You don't have long between dives, so take spare batteries.
Good right needs good help.
Safe over the bridge, one laughs at St. Nepomuck.
Transmarco shares suspended.
As soon a man is born he begins to die.
To a hasty question a leisurely answer.
Foreigners net sellers of SAfrica shares last week.
A brave man who climbs trees is food for their roots.
That is all over, Alida Thorne said, that is past.
Frederick, I am very busy, I have lost a day in meetings
My eyes were puffed up and my face was covered with red spots.
SOCCER-ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE SUMMARIES.
Hire gear does not normally include personal items such as watches or masks.
A foolish woman is known by her finery.
One who can do you a deal of good or a deal of harm.
But more recent studies have restored it to respectability (e.g., Hanson, 1981).
You can only lean against that which resists.
High Plains Wheat - More bids rolled to December.
F.O. LICHT - Daily sugar report.
Margaret Thatcher also set the tone for the conference with a deliberately upbeat message.
Who is to judge the effect?
Sluts are good enough to make slovens' pottage.
The following table breaks this down
All the keys do not hang at one girdle.
Of listening children have your fears, for little pitchers have great ears.
I mistress and you miss, who is to sweep the house?
Activists shout slogans as Indonesian case opens.
Fed seen refraining from open market operations.
Pour not water on a drowned mouse.
A bird sits on her eggs.
KL tin ends steady on London's gains.
This is not so in Easton.
The man who claims to be the boss in his own home will lie about other things as well.
Gaza journalists boycott Palestinian cabinet.
Death is common to all.
Czech Synthesia H1 gross profit falls.
Venalum talks in Japan to continue Wednesday.
All weapons of war cannot arm fear.
I think he knew that himself.
It will be carried by one of Reed's neighbours, a Northampton supporter.
Thunder Bay vessel clearances - Aug 21.
The wind keeps not always in one quarter.
Toyota July domestic output up 16% yr/yr.
Gross yields rise at Italian Btp bond auction.
The main CFC gases are: CFC-12 .
This represents the very tight, close intervals of the minor chords.
Finger picking, Ragtime and Bottleneck with ROGER SUTCLIFFE.
Kindle not a fire that you cannot extinguish.
He wrote a letter to his mother and gave it to Wilson.
As we finished our research the first woman Prime Minister headed the British Government.
He who is meant to be a basket-carrier is born with the handle in his hand.
Let him make use of instinct who cannot make use of reason.
A great city. a great desert.
And nobody has managed to break it.
State Department official leaves for private sector.
An old cat will not learn how to dance.
Well we're keen to get here aren't we?
Where in the world is Taiwan's vice-president?.
INSIGHT - NYMEX crude set to test overhanging gap.
Inver Grove Hgts, Minn., $5.850 mln won by Piper.
Seiyu to issue 30 bln yen CB.
There is no evidence that requires us to accept differentiation theory.
At AFHQ it was approved by Robertson KPs 103 and 113.
It is a no good hen, that cackles in your house and lays in another's.
Japan premier to meet Brazil's president.
It's not healthy to swallow books without chewing.
Go and wake up your cook.
PRESS DIGEST - Iraq - Aug 20.
The healthy die first.
RTRS-CommBank 95/96 op profit up 16.6 pct.
When the war is over then comes help.
Midland Bank plc is a member of Investment Management Regulatory Organisation Limited.
Indonesia Bank Lippo says H1 net rises.
opposite not opposite but opposite page.
There is no accounting for tastes.
FOCUS - Hoechst profit rise, spin off tipped.
Indonesia palm oil up, olein stable in late trade.
Many women, many words.
You could put universal, P H, litmus anything.
There's only one thing to say to that, said Mummy decidedly.
Medaphis targeted in class-action lawsuit.
I am glad we are late, Irena growled.
Good will should be taken for part payment.
Tri Polyta ends at 8-1/2 in New York.
Capex Q1 net rises to $8.56 mln.
Even a clock that does not work is right twice a day.
God above, you're using horrible-long words, Deirdre laughed.
PRESALE - Cook County, Minn..
The company has an operating concession for 15 years.
Estonia assembly fails to elect state president.
Push the number of main bed needles given in pattern to working position.
They reached this conclusion both on consideration of the authorities and on principle.
So Daedalus is developing a new word-processing program.
Far from court, far from care.
He teacheth ill who teacheth all.
The tar of my country is better than the honey of others.
When a goose dances, and a fool versifies, there is sport.
FEATURE - Chile considers drastic steps to conquer pollution.
She manages to separate the boys forcibly, whereupon Victor kicks her shin.
H&amp;R Block decides not to spin off Compuserve.
If you suspect a man, don't employ him, and if you employ him, don't suspect him.
FOCUS - Wella sees profit outpacing sales.
RTRS-Woolworths shares slip on poor outlook.
A mad parish, a mad priest.
Colony spends 1,000 to send back each Vietnamese Thailand may start own deportations.
Prasidha says H1 net edges down.
Medicine can only cure curable disease, and then not always.
Speak when you are spoken to.
Never spread your corn to dry before the door of a saintly man.
Marathon drops US posted crude 50 cts/bbl.
No matter how often a pitcher goes to the water it is broken in the end.
Prosecutors raid Green Cross -- media.
Israel shekel rises against dollar, falls vs baske.
Yeltsin &quot;holidays&quot; as Lebed seeks Chechnya meeting.
What comes seldom, comes sharp.
In the tail lies the venom.
Either rich or hanged.
Argentina placed $4.97 bln in reverse repos.
Czech SPT falls sharply, pulls PSE with it.
Thai maize prices ease, soymeal firms.
It needs more than will, it needs the imagination to find a way.
Do you carry the trough, husband, and I will carry the sieve, which is as heavy as the devil.
Politeness is what warmth is to wax.
Fools tie knots and wise men loose them.
Great disputing repels truth.
War makes robbers, and peace hangs them.
A wonder lasts but nine days.
Baird started cooking at The Ritz on Piccadilly, London, under Michael Quinn in 1982.
Women aint been takin' The oh-so
FOCUS-VW unveils new Passat, says sales well up.
Love and pride stock Bedlam.
Asimov also thought deeply about time.
GOVERNMENT LIST.
These days the rules are slowly changing.
A hundred tailors, a hundred millers, and a hundred weavers, are three hundred thieves.
Fotoball sees higher Q4 operating results.
I am less concerned about them than about the croaking frogs in the marsh.
An ambassador beareth no blame.
If a centipede loses a leg, it does not prevent him from walking.
He that seeks to have many friends never has any.
bruised leaves have strong aroma and taste refreshingly astringent
Mauritius bourse up on foreign investor buying.
Nothing is had for nothing.
Direct bond trades on the Czech PSE - Aug 20.
Happy man be his dole.
Every man is a fool sometimes, and none at all times.
For ill do well, Then fear not hell.
Before you cheer up too much, though, there is an important difference.
EU concerned about civilian population in Chechnya.
He never told a soul about the Minpins.
Johnston Press H1 pre-tax profits rise.
As she crumpled, the Hare-woman called into the wind, Run, Tug, run!
Time waits for no man.
ATHLETICS-WOMEN'S 1,000 METRES WORLD RECORD EVOLUTION.
The more you stir, the worse it will stink.
They can't have seen us already, said Rosheen.
However, incorrect stretching can cause untold damage and even permanent injuries in extreme cases.
Eight miles later, when they were coasting down a long hill, the engine spluttered.
He that can reply to an angry man is too hard for him.
Ill-gotten goods seldom prosper.
IBM PERSONAL SOFTWARE PRODUCTS EMBRACE TOOLS INTERFACE STANDARDS COMMITTEE
A puff of wind and popular praise weigh alike.
Mississippi governor bans gay marriage.
You cricketers have no passion for your game.
Like prince, like people.
AMS top loser in Vienna on H1 figures.
RTRS-Australian budget trimming appears positive - S&amp;P.
History repeats itself.
Many a one for land takes a fool by the hand.
WTD Industries Q1 turns to profit.
The only real way is to remove the components and have them regalvanised.
Poor thieves in halters we behold; And great thieves in their chains of gold.
To the bold man Fortune holds out her hand.
A poor man is all schemes.
In the meantime, ATT could be a neat vehicle for Novell's schemes.
Really to stop criticism one must die.
It had little to do with The Smiths.
Transmarco sees block deal, price jumps.
Many promises impair confidence.
One blind man leads another into the ditch.
London shipsales.
During debates on gravel extraction he could be seen flicking through its pages.
Law, logic, and Switzers may he hired to fight for anybody.
You would be paid a proportion of the amount stated in the Benefit Table.
Were the devil to come from hell to fight, there would forthwith be a Frenchman to accept the challenge.
There is little use in watching a bad woman.
A third of it was occupied by the surrendering forces.
Any plan is bad that cannot be changed.
Mother Teresa no stranger to controversy.
Britain now has a double tax agreement with most countries.
Can I make a plug for the Glasgow underground system
ValuJet faces delay on resuming flights - report.
In prosperity look out for squalls.
Grass is greener in other pastures.
Entreat him in jackass fashion; if he won't carry the sack, give him a whack.
SOCCER-ROMANIAN FIRST DIVISION RESULTS/STANDINGS.
CBI sees steady, unspectacular UK growth in 1996.
Tunis bourse closes slightly up.
GOLF-MICKELSON TAKES THREE-STROKE LEAD IN AKRON.
Implats, Lonrho merger dead - Gencor.
U.S. airlines saw more calls ahead of excise tax.
For obvious security reasons no one was briefed earlier than was necessary.
Treachery and slander are long lived.
Who loves the tree loves the branch.
At least this time the assessment is curriculum led.
How many daily read the Bible, and yet pursue their course of evil.
Industry is fortune's right hand, and frugality her left.
Yeltsin taking active policy role while on holiday.
A cock is bold on his own dunghill.
Nepal won't help split Tibet, king tells China.
Pleasures steal away the mind.
Ill luck comes by pounds and goes away by ounces.
Some were selected for B747 operation with equal success.
Plains feedlot cattle market seen quiet - trade.
Give up the smallest part of a secret, and the rest is no longer in your power.
U.S. spurns new Thai push for top missile.
But how much longer will they remain so?
Take care of your geese when the fox preaches.
Like will to like, be they poor or rich.
A contented mind is a continual feast.
PRESS DIGEST - France - Le Monde Aug 28.
He that reckons without his host must reckon twice.
Teachers open the door. You enter by yourself.
This Report has already discussed the matter of resolving disagreements.
He dies twice who perishes by his own hand.
France Telecom has more than one mln GSM users.
Cerprobe revises terms of CompuRoute deal.
When David grew old he sang pious psalms.
Sonat has apparent East Texas natgas find.
That lilting strain, it's night again,
Only these taxis should be hailed in the streets.
Every man has one black patch, and some have two.
France hands suspected ETA member to Spain.
Idleness is the root of all evil.
Upon a slight pretext the wolf takes the sheep.
But Adam was extremely successful in his own right.
1 Can you draw this figure without going over the same line twice?
SOLIDERE shares mixed on market.
Some gorges may once have been underground caverns, the roofs of which have collapsed.
I know I'm new, and I've lost everything.
The more haste the worse speed.
MFS-WorldCom seen as European upmarket threat.
Advisers are not givers.
Young cats will mouse, young apes will louse.
Hewlett-Packard increased annual sales by 21 per cent to 11.9 billion.
When cats are mousing they don't mew.
A stone from the hand of a friend is an apple.
Bombay shares drift lower in lacklustre trade.
You will also need a petty cash
U.S. MUNICIPAL FOCUS - prices slacken w/Treasuries.
Section 2.8 gives an account of research into unemployment.
Taiwan July forex reserves rise to US$86.124 bln.
The dog barks and the ox feeds.
Do I look like a swimmer? he said.
A little dinner, long expected and cold, is by no means given, but dearly sold.
SOCCER-FERENCVAROS BEAT GOTEBORG 4-1 IN EUROPEAN CUP.
With time and straw medlars ripen.
One step at a time.
But in recognizing the role of one ancillary, we should not overlook others.
Nemo mortalium omnibus horis sapit No mortal is wise at all hours
Trust not a horse's heels.
He talks like a sausage without the fat.
He that gapeth until he be fed, Well may he gape until he is dead.
Man has responsibility, not power.
Recently I moved my tank onto a new stand.
Nordic ministers back Baltics for NATO.
Foxboro says Honeywell suit without merit.
He played for Canada against MCC at Lord's in 1922.
Regional service centres: Reading, Bristol, Southampton, Brighton, Edinburgh.
MINOR METALS - Slow ahead of fourth quarter 1996.
If you lie upon roses when young, you will lie upon thorns when old.
Ten people gunned down in northwest Colombia.
Accepted at Shell and BP Service Stations
Do not look where you fell, but where you slipped.
BELL ATLANTIC TO SELL 108.9m SHARES IN NEW ZEALAND TELECOM CORP
Respironics to buy Lifecare International for $50 mln.
Curses, like chickens, come home to roost.
National Computer Systems Inc sets payout.
U.S. DLA sold five tonnes stockpile tin.
It's the little things in life that count.
FAA readies new requirements for Boeing 737 - WSJ.
Pathe rises on H1 sales, bullish BSkyB.
Bird never flew so high but it had to come to the ground for food.
Many responsible people had eventually given up and resigned from the Branch Committee.
It's also expecting Sun's director of US reseller channels Dan Shaver to resign.
Every life has its joy, every joy its law.
It is bad to be between two fires.
W. T Oliver, Art Critic, Yorkshire Post
Champion Industries Inc declares dividend.
One hand full of money is stronger than two hands full of truth.
A light supper is beneficial.
Mr Phiri previously worked at the Mindolo Ecumenical Foundation.
One student told me that they were watching and waiting.
By God's legs one of his favourite oaths do not kill me, Marshal.
He rises early that is hanged before noon.
Cowards have no luck.
Even old foxes are caught in the snare.
Nothing venture, nothing have.
BOE invites band 1,2 bills, shortage 1.45 bln stg.
Air control said worst in N.Y., Chicago, Ft. Worth.
Amer hits 23-month high in continued rally.
He keeps canaries, diamond doves and a pair of quails.
Ichimasa Kamaboko - 96/97 group forecast.
Kill the chicken to frighten the monkey.
RTRS-Moody's warns on Australian redraw loans.
Bad is the sack that will not bear patching.
Okay, right, good morning to you.
She understands the oddball perspectives that some viewers have.
He who does not tire, achieves.
China issues envelopes to mark Hong Kong takeover.
Archer Ormond Binding was born at Clevedon, Somerset, on Dec 12 1886.
He looked at her for a moment.
BASEBALL-MAJOR LEAGUE STANDINGS AFTER SUNDAY'S GAMES.
Apart from that, however, I would broadly accept Mr. Munby's third and fourth propositions.
Reported by David Barraclough Esq., Barrister
Little is done where many command.
It is a totally different situation now from the one the Government inherited.
When fortune calls, offer her a chair.
A flatterer has water in one hand and fire in the other.
FORECAST - Dutch company results week Aug 26-30.
M., K. S. P. (Folkestone, Kent)
Between Tours and Blois the races passes through the renowned vineyards of Vouvray .
Kill no more than you can salt, or you will have tainted meat.
They say, is a liar.
RTRS-Australian Greens to try to block some cuts.
The poor must dance as the rich pipe.
GREEK CITIBANK TO CUT BASE LOAN RATE FOR WORKING CAPITAL.
Copies are available from Chosen Heritage, Farringdon House, East Grinstead, RH19 1EW.
The local party leadership even broadcast messages, applauded by the marchers, calling for dialogue.
Lloyd's ruling expected Friday afternoon - court.
Furthermore, women who work part-time are often ineligible to join an occupational-pension scheme.
I'm on holiday then so er
PLO, Israeli minister meet on economic accord.
I would rather be in an apple-tree, than a bad man in distress.
Virani: Immaculately attired and polite, he is the embodiment of the successful Ugandan businessman
You must walk a long while behind a wild goose before you find an ostrich feather.
By Peter Pallot Health Services Staff
Seeking fish? Don't dive in the pond; go home and get a net.
What one does, one becomes.
and then I saw you on there.
Time and the hour are not to be tied with a rope.
BIRMINGHAM UNIVERSITY STARTS PHASE THREE OF EXPANSION
All his talk meant nothing now.
And we will defend the citizen against lawlessness, violence and disorder.
He's still wanted by his friends and family.
NZ electricity group recommends short-selling.
Praise a fool, and you may make him useful.
Swim on and don't trust.
No man understands knavery better than the abbot who has been a monk.
He is like the gardener's dog, who don't eat cabbage and will let no one else eat them.
Things are changing but not with the speed you'd like.
BALANCE - Johnson Cty, Kan., waters at $18.5 mln.
Find out about the problems which can affect them.
Amounts are converted at 0.77 to the Canadian dollar.
Where the pupil is willing; the teachers will appear.
The mouse does not leave the cat's house with a bellyful.
Not dead, only decaying (rapidly at first then rather slowly in an interesting way)
Small children give you headache; big children heartache.
Patience is power; with time and patience the mulberry becomes silk.
Pakistani bourse shut on local religious holiday.
Wise rats run from a falling house.
By speedy, not by slow measures.
The Flagstone Quarrying Co. exhibited an immense flagstone.
Lacking preparation, not possessing match-fitness and missing key players (on holiday).
EMS/Mark closing report.
U.S. municipal bond and tax ballot proposals.
Now my grandchildren are enjoying it.
Here we both are, two footballing Doris Stokeses, two men out of time.
But the past too has to be claimed.
LifeRate Systems Inc Q2 shr loss narrows.
Virtue in the middle, said the Devil, when seated between two lawyers.
The greater love is a mother's; then comes a dog's; then a sweetheart's.
Use your wipers, he said, it's beginning to rain,
It is little surprise to read that:
A particular concern about young people.
TO CASH FOR A NEW ARRIVAL
MGE deliverable HRS wheat stocks.
They need to know what the standards are in professional tennis these days.
Can I thank you all very much for being cooperative.
He nodded and gave a deep sigh.
Gentility is without ability is worse than plain beggary.
There is no venom to that of the tongue.
Who goes softly goes safely, and he that goes safely goes far.
Not all coffins slavishly followed regulation patterns.
What other reason may there be for the watertable sometimes rising rapidly?
Belco Turner well yields 4,800 bpd oil.
Everyone said you couldn't make it, Jo-Ann said.
Promising and performing are two things.
Some will have a clear career path, other will just be seeking education.
If you leap into a well, Providence is not bound to fetch you out.
Falsehood is the Devil's daughter, and speaks her father's tongue.
The secret in swimming is to know how to take care of your clothes.
Fond pride of dress is sure a very curse; Ere fancy you consult, consult your purse.
Reward not a sleeping pilot.
The cobbler's gaze is on the feet.
Truth may be suppressed, but not strangled.
Then came the crowning blow for France and for the Catholics in Scotland.
I thought Patricia Hodge's prose was as beautiful as she is, by the way.
When hunger is appeased we can preach the merits of fasting.
Prairie elevator space, railcar port unloads - CWB.
We are strong now on women's rights, the environment and disarmament.
Royal Gold Q4 shr rises to $0.04.
Mischief comes soon enough.
OUR CHURCHES No. 37 St Joseph's Bradford
They didn't think there were other thieves about, said police.
LCE cocoa ends at top of range as rally stalls.
There are many ways to fame.
NYPA Indian Pt 3 nuke seen at full power Monday.
Laclede Gas Co sets qtly dividend $0.315/shr.
All sorts of things occur to help one that would never have occurred.
Polar plans Singapore, Taipei-US west coast route.
S&amp;P assigns A rating to Walt Disney samurai bonds.
Always talk big and you will never be forgotten.
A little leaven leavens a great mass.
and before we know it it is out of our hands:
Russian commander to be questioned over Chechnya.
FTC proposes NGC sell stake in NGL plant.
Indonesia's Danareksa indicative bonds prices.
It was just like a machine.
One lamp can't light two houses.
What is lost in the hundred will be found in the shire.
Most IMM currencies end higher in moderate trading.
Sorrow follows pleasure.
This is where he tested his locomotives and his ideas on gas lighting.
Chrysler says Mexico plant not new.
Completed Applications should be posted to
Fools look to tomorrow. Wise men use tonight.
RACK system, Hofner preamp, Art SGE, Crate 200 watt power amp, all flightcased.
Japanese stocks up in London as rate worries ease.
The husband is always the last to know.
He who lives by medical treatment has but a wretched existence.
When the flatterer pipes, the devil dances.
Offend one monk, and the lappets of all cowls will flutter as far as Rome.
This is the fundamental starting point of all Marxist studies of society.
Nothing in this world is certain but death and next winter's snows.
Consumer semiconductor market worth $24.6 billion.
USDA gross cutout hide and offal value.
Man fools himself. He prays for a long life and he fears old age.
Was the shade of Foster Dulles listening?
India RBI SGL account trades-gilts/t bills-Aug 26.
I am sure that this is being achieved.
Administrative and Publicity costs of the Appeal throughout Great Britain, Northern Ireland and Overseas
Lipper general muni fund index 127.68, down 0.57.
Central American producers, however, are filling the gap by selling more coffee this year.
INDICATORS - BULGARIA - UPDATED AUG 23.
Forest prevailed after extra time on the away-goals rule.
Magistrates' Courts Act 1980, s. 121(1): see post, p. 24AB.
He landed awkwardly and twisted his ankle.
Florida's Hispanic population tops 2 million.
I can see you now for what you are, Ian Wharton.
PHLX says to list options on Nuevo Energy.
He suddenly laughed, then looked at Ellen whom he perceived as a possible ally.
Fortune helps the brave.
Taiwan interbank rate ends lower, uptrend seen.
He was sent to work in the fields.
Never ask a barber if you need a haircut.
Edwards could complete his move before tonight's Coca-Cola Cup clash with Notts County.
If the mother had never been in the oven, she would not have looked for her daughter there.
Fight fire with fire.
Nabisco Inc buys Argentine pasta maker.
Hedge funds beat equity funds in July - analyst.
This is how Kant, for example, dealt with morality.
Algeria tenders to buy cargo white sugar - traders.
Bernallillo MSD 1, N.M., won by Prudential.
Fuji Photo, Nikon to cut price of digital camera.
Why can't I take it off and rest it awhile on someone's mantel-piece?
He who hold the thread holds the ball.
Abundance is from activity.
A person does not seek luck; luck seeks the person.
We're in the right place I suppose?
Chrysler to build $315 mln factory in Brazil.
Ignorance was not a fault of Kleon, or Hyperbolus.
What is done by night appears by day.
A modified theory of rights seems to be promising on this score.
Blow first, and sip afterwards.
As the man is, so is his speech.
Alistair Brown (left): 175 for Surrey v Durham.
Table 5.4 The ( pull ) alternating set in Belfast.
Many fall by the sword, but more from gluttony.
Hudson's Bay Co July 31 Q2 net plunges.
Two Bakelite cased telephones 1930's style.
Austrian ex-minister ups stakes in tyre plant row.
The firm currently provides work for 13 people, four of them self-employed.
Baltic Freight Index static, activity is modest.
With empty hands men may no hawks allure.
And in any case, men are getting more tenacious on these topics.
The one-eyes is a king in the land of the blind.
France deports group of Africans after church raid.
U.S. appeals court stays Lloyd's injunction.
Her office is in Accra, Ghana.
He was a very strict Catholic.
He does not think small beer of himself.
There's a quick glance between novelist and reader in that dream.
Who paints me before blackens me behind.
Calif. Board of Public Works single-A - Moody's.
Nasdaq down on profit-taking in techs.
An ape's an ape, a varlet's a varlet, Though they be clad in silk or scarlet.
French broker drops Seita from buy list.
She indicates a necklace made up of military insignia to illustrate her point.
As a man, I feel very female myself in lots of ways
When thieves fall out, honest men come to their goods.
Istanbul gold volume falls on cash shortage.
Being warned, let us pursue a better course.
Hope sustains the farmer.
PUBLIC OPTICAL COMMUNICATIONS NETWORKS CONSIDERED IN JAPAN
Asia Pacific at 6-3/8 in New York.
U.S.-Mexico livestock movements update - USDA.
But the Japanese remain gloomy; there, pessimists outweigh optimists by 20%.
If sea level rises, one response will be a gradual relocating to higher ground.
Schuller completes NRG purchase.
P&amp;I clubs aim to cut reinsurance bill.
To one who does not know, a small garden is a forest.
Lawyers' houses are built of fools' heads.
Bad the crow, bad the egg.
All this material is available for public inspection, subject to confidentiality restrictions.
SGS-THOMSON TO GET SECOND STIMULUS IN JUNE
Sun has lost the head of its internal Viking project.
Oh, come on now, you don't have to pretend!
The certainty of place turns on the lights
Feel safely enclosed within your sphere of light.
Flatterers are cats that lick before and scratch behind.
Sporting activity and exotic travel for HuStu
For the church this surge in royal patronage had damaging effects, pastoral and political.
Columbus McKinnon to buy Spreckels.
She had experienced the risen Christ and she knew.
A hundred waggonsful of sorrow will not pay a handful of debt.
RTRS-Tennis-Muster upset, Philippoussis wins, Stoltenberg loses.
US crude outlook-losing steam on Iraq and supplies.
Bamerindus to net 20 mln reais in H1-paper.
It is no play where one greets and another laughs.
BASEBALL-CAMINITI GRAND SLAM LEADS PADRES PAST EXPOS.
Hart accuses Devlin of moving from
RTRS-LAST TRADES - Australian Stocks Overseas.
HUNGARY'S MHB TO TAP FOREIGN MARKETS FOR $50 MLN.
Computer executives back Clinton for re-election.
In 1948 they abolished allegiance as the basis of the status of British subjects.
He that drinks beer, thinks beer.
4 A big game hunter left his base camp and walked 40km due South.
Learning makes a good man better and an ill man worse.
Gerrard, George shouted above the din.
Singapore oil products see gas oil jitters over India.
LATIMER v. AEC LTD 1953 2 All ER 449 (HL)
Let us wash our hands of those who do not care for us.
There are more ways of killing a dog than hanging it.
PRESS DIGEST - Slovenia - Aug 26.
It is harder to be poor without complaining than to be rich without boasting.
IPC 1H net profit down 85 pct.
Offer the lazy an egg, and they'll want you to peel it for them.
KCBT wheat futures end mostly steady to lower.
Phoenix Airport foresees European cargo boom.
A young doctor means a new graveyard.
Warsaw airport cargo imports Jan-May up 18.5 pct.
It cannot be recalled in any coherent form.
That can be dangerous for the kidnappers.
Necessity requires no decision.
Guessing is missing.
O man, you who do not live a hundred years, why fret a thousand minutes?
He who would enjoy the fruit must not spoil the blossoms.
Glowworms are not lanterns.
They can do least who boast loudest.
SOCCER-DUTCH FIRST DIVISION RESULTS/TABLE.
Don't tell a secret to anybody, unless you want the whole world to know it.
But what Brook has retained is the clarity and magic that characterised the original.
Berkshire has no reason for stock decline. [CORRECTED 21:42 GMT]
UK money market forecasts 900 mln stg shortage.
The applicable amount for a single person aged 60 to 74 is: 53.40.
When the cook is roasting for the butler, woe to the master's wine-cask.
Showa Information -1996 parent forecast.
Nothing is easy to the unwilling.
Northwest Airlines, Mahalo Air in pact.
You can have it if you like.
Ciampi says Italy must strive to meet Maastricht.
A full vessel must be carried carefully.
China tells Taiwan direct trade can't be stopped.
When the beer goes in the wits go out.
Chancellor to buy 12 radio stations.
The body is sooner dressed than the soul.
John Lewis weekly UK store sales up 21.0% yr/yr.
Stand up, cent, let the dollar sit down.
The later the evening, the fairer the company.
The concept of ch'i was not without local advantages.
A flower cannot blossom without sunshine nor a garden without love.
PRESS DIGEST - Switzerland - August 23.
So the Antiparachute will always rise.
The National Government and the Spanish Civil War
UK's Thistle Hotels H1 profits hit by charge.
China pharmaceuticals seen hurt by competition.
Do not tear down the east wall to repair the west.
Karbovanets unchanged at 176,100 to dlr in Kiev.
The day you decide to do it is your lucky day.
The toast is to Rotary the world over.
In a year, 630 have returned voluntarily, which is good.
Rexene to move forward with own plan.
Germany key farm importer in 1995-official data.
The fat sow knows not what the hungry sow suffers.
He is not happy who does not realize his happiness.
Canada daily lumber export figures to U.S.
A thing is never much talked of but there is some truth in it.
Soccer-Kennedy and Phelan both out of Irish squad.
Malaysia overnight rate rises on intervention.
Solicitors: Crown Prosecution Service Headquarters; M. Julius Melchior Co.
Many books do not use up words; many words do not use up thoughts.
S.Korean won closes lower in tight range trading.
Designer Textiles downgrades 96/97 profit forecast.
Counterfeit coin passes current at night.
Never was cat or dog drowned, that could but see the shore.
His eyes are like two burnt holes in a blanket.
He who strikes another on the neck, does not strike far from the head.
Who serves the public, serves no one.
A gift with a kind countenance is a double present.
Who changes country changes luck.
If every man mend one, all shall be amended.
July U.S. MTBE stocks off 1.8 pct to 9.16 mln bbls.
Reuters Our request was an act of humility.
Would she like seeing this golden college belle at her bedside?
Angola's civil war is over for UNITA -- Savimbi.
The bait hides the hook.
Stonehenge was the subject of unpleasant exchanges.
Nasdaq closes sharply higher on tech rally.
Shanghai Petro halt for rights issue.
Ka Wah Bank sets HK$43 mln FRCD.
A great anvil fears not noise.
Are you wondering why I've kitted you up?
First Federal sets qtly $0.19/shr.
Sale of NZ ForestCorp may spell end of 06 issuance.
San Clemente, Calif., won by Smith Barney.
A fly before his own eye is bigger than an elephant in the next field.
How should the importance of each knowledge level (relative to the others) be determined?
Eastman Kodak launches new photo scanner.
If this had been ordinary civil litigation I would have agreed.
When our daughter is married sons-in-law are plenty.
No wonder if he breaks his head who stumbles twice over one stone.
Sanyo Special Steel to slim work force in cost cut.
A new broom sweeps clean, but an old broom knows the corners.
Canada court rules for MacMillan Bloedel.
Storper (1987) argues that civil society can determine the nature of capitalism itself.
POLISH RULING COALITION PARTIES IN TALKS ON POSTS.
Bank of Taiwan to cut prime lending rate 0.025 pt.
Honda - 6mth parent forecast.
Revenge is a dish that tastes better cold.
An old wolf is not scared by loud cries.
Never rely on the glory of the morning or the smiles of your mother-in-law.
A man with a watch knows what time it is. A man with two watches is never sure.
C-Cube rises on link to Zenith - analyst.
MGE spring wheat ends firm, CBOT spillover cited.
He that would have eggs must endure the cackling of hens.
PRESALE - Akron, Ohio.
He who seeks revenge should remember to dig two graves.
TELEFONOS DE MEXICO TO EXTEND TELEPHONE NETWORK
Export Dev Corp launches yen/NZ dollar Eurobonds.
No relation is poor.
But to his enormous relief the story never got out.
IMM currency futures end mixed after FOMC inaction.
Hanson posts demerger details on schedule.
They were strolling again to keep warm.
A contented ass enjoys a long life.
Mexico's TIIE 28-day rate unchanged at 27.85 pct.
There are many later alterations and additions.
At all stages, label everything, and keep a record of everything you do.
to form initials and sitting alone
Times passes like the wind.
I know, I know what it is.
U.S. crude imports stalled as Sep business ends.
Can I walk home with you?
TENNIS-TOUGH NEW SECURITY MEASURES SET FOR U.S. OPEN.
Chickens can't go back into eggs.
However Mozart was able to allay his father's fears:
By 1805 the firm of Boulton Watt were selling their first commercial gas plants.
U.S. DLA sets tin price at $2.765 per lb.
A chicken is hatched even from such a well-sealed thing as an egg.
Colombia closes Aug. private coffee registrations.
PRESS DIGEST - Algeria - Aug 26.
His wife and daughters had long since gone to bed.
The sky is not the less blue because the blind man does not see it.
You know so much about the city.
Words will not do for my aunt, for she does not put faith even in deeds.
How can I stand up and do that?
Dirty tanker fixtures and enquiries - 2211 GMT.
Advice and assistance is always available from the PARCELFORCE NATIONAL ENQUIRY CENTRE .
It is really nice, they need more.
When an elephant is in trouble even a frog will kick him.
The way official paths often come into being is absurd.
He that is uneasy at every little pain is never without some ache.
China supports listed firms in run-up to 1997.
Here one meets with what I would deem quite a drawback.
Latvian share turnover leaps, Unibanka at new high.
(Case C 387) 1990 2 Q.B.
All men can't be masters.
The master absent and the house dead.
He dwells far from neighbours that is fain to praise himself.
Don't yoke the plough before the horses.
None of them made any concessions to the local Muslim culture.
Sugar freight business routine, Santos stays focus.
Seoul prosecutors to lauch election probe.
Whatever is given to the poor, is laid out of the reach of fortune.
Having reached that stage, from now on it really is up to you.
There can be no progress without forgiveness.
IT PAYS TO CHECK SEMICONDUCTOR INDUSTRY ANNOUNCEMENTS
U.S. oats trade -- Commerce.
He who sleeps catches no fish.
A fence lasts three years, a dog lasts three fences, a horse three dogs, and a man three horses.
VISX submits more data on excimer laser.
MULTIMEDIA VIEWER PUBLISHING TOOLKIT VERSION 2.0
Until lions have their own historians, tales of the hunt shall always glorify the hunter.
'Tis the mind ennobles, not the blood.
First deserve, and then desire.
Methods of Chemical and Metallurgical Investigations of Ancient Coinage (1972).
Passengers injured in train collision in Linz.
By learning you will teach; by teaching you will learn.
He said the City's ethical standards seemed to have disappeared.
Money isn't everything.
Lithuania deputies okay State Commercial Bank plan.
Einstein got very excited about his work.
BALANCE - Ohio refunding bonds at $290,000.
He also questioned some of the proposed cuts:
German hunt for Priebke shelved in 1971-prosecutor.
What is a syndicated loan facility?
But what use is it to you right now?
A clean hand moves freely through the land.
UK M4 grows provisional 8.8 pct in year to July.
Nuplex lifts yr profit to NZ$8.16 mln.
Everybody loves a fool, but nobody wants him for a son.
But looking big and good are not incompatible are they?
News Corp signs Prodigy game deal.
Codelco Salvador miners vote Tuesday on pay offer.
He who builds a house, or marries, is left with a lank purse.
Fouls invent fashions and wise men follow them.
FOCUS - Britain's blue chips climb to new heights.
And now they are going across the field.
Ecuador money base up to 2.59 bln sucres by Aug 9.
A girl, a vineyard, an orchard, and a bean-field, are hard to watch.
Where'er an ass is crown'd to fame, both town and country bear the shame.
There's the same difficulty with achieving liberation on a collective scale.
That fellow roasts his fish in the flames of a fire.
Israel plays down fears of war with Syria.
Hughes willing to spend big on aerospace.
The devil wipes his tail with the poor man's pride.
GERMAN DATA DUE -import, producer, consumer prices.
N.Korea says over 270,000 ha of farm land submerged.
When flies swarm in March, sheep come to their death.
Merit is often belied by the countenance.
Give a helping hand to a man in trouble.
He who threatens is afraid.
Moreno Valley, Calif., COPs Con.(Baa1) by Moody's.
Honour the old, teach the young.
He who puts up with insult invites injury.
RTRS - RGC appoints two new directors.
What you give you get, ten times over.
The miser and the pig are of no use till dead.
IKB sets 200 million mark Dec 2000 FRN.
that special brand of Yates' conversation
According to the nature of his sin shall a man be punished.
Mining and engineering towns: Rhondda, Doncaster, Sheffield, Preston, Coventry, Barnsley;
A great position entails great responsibility.
Friendships multiply joys and divide griefs.
Are people who work with strippers especially at risk?
A shut mouth keeps me out of strife.
Czechoslovakian maker Zetor took the opportunity at the Highland Show to launch its 9540.
All based on our incognito, unannounced visits.
Friendship should be unpicked, not rent.
She's playing at being the grown woman who knows the rules of the game
A GREAT black question mark faced millions of people recently in their newspapers.
A little gall embitters much honey.
Pakistani stocks rebound, end sharply up.
do you anticipate further loans and/or an overdraft?
Make me a prophet and I will make you rich.
Only when you can be extremely pliable and soft can you be extremely hard and strong.
In the automobile industry, then, current methods contradict traditional wisdom.
He that will have the kernel, must crack the shell.
Near is my kirkle, but nearer is my smock.
Sprint to offer consumer Internet access service.
The Dutch appear to be wavering.
Owens &amp; Minor CFO resigns, Rector promoted.
Between saying and doing there is a long road.
SOCCER-TOGO BEAT CONGO 1-0 IN AFRICA NATIONS CUP QUALIFIER.
Desperate times call for desperate measures.
France expels four Africans seized in church raid.
One who does not look ahead remains behind.
Swiss franc grows accustomed to Yeltsin worries.
Bad weather led to the cancellation of the raid planned for 7 July.
However the image and the emotions associated with it did not change.
POLISH CENTRAL BANK SAYS NO REPOS TODAY.
Bahia cocoa arrivals 57,701 bags in week to Aug 18.
Pat Buckley rushes to help his stricken mount, Limeking.
Look to the main chance.
God sent him meat, but the devil cooked it.
He bent his head into the hollow at the back of my neck.
I've bin asked to be in the play.
Conseco to acquire insurance companies.
Tokyo precious metal futures slip in slow trade.
The overhead lights started going out, but that did not matter to him.
RALLYING-MCRAE FINED $250,000 BUT ESCAPES BAN.
Pride and dignity would belong to women if only men would leave them alone.
Deere &amp; Co sets regular payout.
When the goose trusts the fox then woe to her neck.
PRESS DIGEST - Bulgaria - Aug 22.
Western Hemisphere nations to meet on trade zone.
151 and Reg. v. Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Ex parte Jaderow Ltd.
People come to Soho because it's busy, says Haig.
FOCUS - Advanced Medical buying IVAC Medical.
Sanyo Coca-Cola -6mth parent results.
ComEd Zion 1 Ill. nuke cuts power -- NRC.
Mother Teresa, spirits high, grows stronger.
Ideas, materials and methodology used all tend to come into the country from outside.
Cowards may die many times before their death.
However, an excellent Keller volley and Simpkin's missed passing shot lost those.
Shanghai Steel Tube interim up.
RTRS-TIMELINES-Today in History - Aug 23.
Make sure you leave some fat for the other side.
Rieter sees lower 1996 net profit.
Ukraine 3-mo T-bills yld 57.30 pct,up vs last sale.
Brierley has put option on NZ forest shares.
Egyptian shares close down in quiet trade.
Tosco Bayway, recently upgraded, undamaged.
Let every one mind his own business, and the cows will be well tended.
INTERVIEW - Smallest U.S. banks seen less relevant.
It will take a long time.
The owl thinks her children the fairest.
Fidelity Bancorp to buy back shares.
Israel okays building at West Bank settlement.
The toast is Rotary, the world over!
London: HMSO, 1990, pp. 522, 35.
He knows the roads by which he has escaped before.
Three dead, two wounded in Alabama shooting spree.
Who lies down with dogs gets up with fleas.
He who has scalded himself once blows the next time.
By the way, Terry continued, you like a drink, fancy coming with me?
A door must either be open or shut.
AGA H1 profit falls 14 percent.
The airline's situation was too serious.
Back where I started, with concerns about snow.
The higher the ape climbs the more he shows his rump.
lioness goddess of war as a lion-headed woman.
European raw cotton enquiries on the increase.
JG Summit selects Carbide's Unipol process.
Really, you've got the wrong man
HK insurance authority to check on reserves.
Mexico CPI inflation 0.71 pct in first-half August.
Sheldahl in partnership with Shinko.
Negros says H1 net up at 82.3 mln pesos.
Tak awa' Averdeen and twal' mile round aboot, an' far are ye?
The position is changing rapidly, but they can still be powerful, behind-the-scene figures.
Tokyo Soir -6mth parent results.
Under white ashes there is glowing coal.
He must have much meal who would stop all mouths.
Hijacked Sudan plane refuelled in Cyprus for UK.
Mercifully he didn't turn up at home.
Near is my shirt, but nearer is my skin.
Johannesburg hit a record high, ending 0.2% up.
Honest men marry soon, wise men not at all.
A hungry dog and a thirsty horse take no heed of blows.
It is easy robbing when the dog is quieted.
Spain's broad money grew by 13.8%.
The Ferguson 51P7 has many superb features such as: -
There were also anarchist influences within the movement generally and in its anti-toxic outgrowth.
Towns vary widely, although it is possible to group them in various types.
Of late productive and technological discipline had worsened.
NWE straight-run fuel- crude takes edge off prices.
Harry said, Has anyone found out who shot at you?
The absent are always in the wrong.
Coaches and parents should not put too much pressure on youngsters at this age.
The hen likes to lay in a nest where there are eggs already.
Nothing weighs lighter than a promise.
There was a damaging row about the requisition for scrap of his wrought-iron gates.
What we want in hay we make up in straw.
The first place to start activities is within the Home.
He who takes it to himself, he it is who has done the act.
The warnings of age are the weapons of youth.
Lawyers' robes are lined with the obstinacy of suitors.
He who is ashamed of asking, is ashamed of learning.
A pig used to dirt turns its nose up at rice.
Set a stout heart to a stey brae.
German airports detail January-July cargo data.
Well first of all that's people.
No wisdom like silence.
Feather by feather the goose is plucked.
Young men may die, but old men must die.
Araxas Energy Corp acquires Gulf of Mexico land.
A signpost pointed ahead to where the road rejoined the Coastal Path.
She was nursing her fifth cup of awful coffee.
The morning is wiser than the evening.
More Rwanda refugees flee Burundi despite promises.
Next time you have a problem, just ring the office and ask for George.
B. Rochford , GRSC, has been appointed as Kontron Instruments' technical sales specialists.
RESEARCH ALERT - Dal-Tile starts.
Allowing the appeal automatically indicates an affirmative answer to the third certified question.
Bad is the best.
His personal bodyguards were always armed.
To counteract high-status games on the telephone:
Most of what is on display here seems well, rather over-fleshed and tired.
First Team Sports hurt by weaker outlook.
Puff not against the wind.
He who fails to plan, plans to fail.
If a beard were all, the goat would be the winner.
Time for the famous Tailpiece competition.
If you want to be dead, wash your head and go to bed.
It is a sad burden to carry a dead man's child.
Greater China to merge with Xinhua unit.
French police raid church, oust African protesters.
Competitive sales total $155 million for Aug 21.
Dog Dumpling, 13 Southgate Rd, N1 (359 6596).
If you would live healthy, be old early.
Now you can move on to the final stage of the diet.
Copper Journal Market Price 97 cents - Aug 26.
A gift delayed, and long expected, is not given, but sold dear.
Misawa Van - 6mth parent results.
It is ungentlemanly to lie; truthfulness becomes the gentleman.
Great talkers are not great doers.
Is a child who fails a year test to be kept down?
QUICKDRAW GX BETA TEST VERSION NOW SHIPPING
He was arrested in Marbella in April by Scotland Yard detectives and Spanish police.
Whore or thief young or old, welcome so you've got the gold.
Darkness and night are mothers of thought.
There would be no ill word if it were not ill taken.
Fairfax is no longer breaking off to translate.
This applies particularly to an understanding of the biological principles underlying the reproductive process.
Southpark, 19 Grange Terrace in 1930.
They agree like cats and dogs.
They remain shut to this day.
The silence resulting from absence has destroyed many a friendship.
CANADA SIGNS UPDATE AGREEMENT WITH CHINA
Send us your subscription form today and YOU could win:
The fire you kindle for your enemy often burns yourself more than him.
Mayflower raises qtly div to $0.12/shr.
He who pours water hastily into a bottle spills more than goes in.
A dog in a kennel barks at his fleas; a dog hunting does not notice them.
Chargeurs Intl H1 sales 4.5 bln Ffr.
Canada auto union supports strong strike mandate.
Minneapolis deliverable oat stocks.
The experience had become pure music, each note torturous yet unbearably sweet.
He that courts injury will obtain it.
I just squeezed her hand and said, Yes, darling.
COMPAQ LOSES GENERAL MANAGER OF PC DIVISION
NEXT MONTH in our January issue
Agouron's cancer drug trials cleared by FDA.
He died 12 years ago aged 103.
In using those techniques, the essential purpose was one of social control.
He argues in vain who argues without means.
China issues rules to curb foreign waste imports.
A turn of the key is better than the conscience of a friar.
U.S. Farm Credit sets rates on $2.025 bln bonds.
An unbidden guest knows not where to sit.
European feeds remain quietly in afternoon.
Win a game of your friend, and drink the money on the spot.
Two can play at that game.
Since then, Cabinets have met without the monarch.
Happy is the bride the sun shines on, and the corpse the rain rains on.
This pond is not listed under E N V Eleven.
Clinton passport case official awarded legal fees.
Who is your enemy? A man of your own trade.
However, they were later taken off the case and transferred to other duties.
When a man is in a sack, he must get out at the mouth or at the bottom.
That is well spoken that is well taken.
Japan may bow to foreign pressure on liquor tax.
Fox jumped ship after Modesty Blaise in 1966.
If the full amount is not spent, then the employee pays back the difference.
US Treasuries end little changed, Fed holds rates.
Amsterdam bourse considers unlisted market revamp.
'Tis good feasting in other men's houses.
We're the best passing side in the First Division, he said.
He got out of the mud and fell into the river.
Saudi Jubail refinery back to normal after fire.
Nobody in Paris ever saw Raoul and Christine again.
Silly toad: planning a meal of goose!
The idea of testing is, therefore, in some ways acceptable to the DES.
Riches are but the baggage of fortune.
A maker of idols is never an idolater.
Soft fire makes sweet malt.
Poverty craves many things, but avarice more.
Natgas futures hold late short covering gains.
Poor men seek meat for their stomach; rich meat stomach for their meat.
Gold goes in any gate except heaven's.
The shuffle feel is also based on the triplet subdivision.
All men are fools, but all fools are not men.
We can give our troops the means to make that call.
FMR group has 10.26 pct Alliance stake.
In August 1991, several horses were assaulted in the neighbourhood of Fargelanda in Dalsland.
Paddy Ashdown, the leader of the Democrats, called the speech dangerously complacent.
In 1798 Murdock was recalled from Cornwall to the Soho Works.
Honour and ease are seldom bedfellows.
D/P rates Banco Internacional certificates.
RESEARCH ALERT - Applied Microbiology buy repeated.
SingTel tranche to involve 1 bln+ shares.
None ever took a stone out of the temple but the dust did fly in his eyes.
I didn't know I had it in me aspen tree similes let alone love!
There are already signs of this process in the Japanese car industry.
Metallurg acquires stake in Solikamsk producer.
RTRS-AUSTRALIAN P-NOTES - One tender of A$20 mln.
Italy offers bonds, certificates for auction.
Yeltsin takes short break, stays out of sight.
You are good to fetch the devil a priest.
There's no mischief in the world done, But a woman is always one.
Alberta grain output seen up, harvest begins.
When the cat sleeps, the mice play.
Learning is treasure no thief can touch.
You may get something off a bone, but nothing off a stone.
This interpretation emasculates the remedy against third parties almost completely.
Be the horse good or bad always wear your spurs.
PRESS DIGEST - Croatia - Aug 21.
Fire, fire, many pots on. and one pea in them all.
That much reading has a therapeutic effect has been an argument throughout this book.
It forbids an attitude rather than an action.
Early marriage, long love.
The thing you are saying about
Indian cotton prices steady on restricted supplies.
NEWAYS LOWERS FULL-YEAR EXPECTATIONS.
They must hunger in frost who spring-time have lost.
The idea was an attractive one.
The critical importance of the Crown Prosecution Service letter has highlighted another point.
Data Systems sets creditor agreement.
Austrian OMV set to match 95 profit.
(ii) Determine the position and velocity of the ring as a function of time.
Tenaga to cut reliance on gas turbines.
Institutional tension which arises in such situations can be a positive element for change.
NASA enlisted to help in TWA crash probe.
It was a disappointment, but not devastating, she said.
Misfortunes that can't be avoided must be sweetened.
Never trust people who tell you all their troubles but keep from you all their joys.
Like I always say you will, evaire since I first tell you stories, eh?
Woman is the woe of man.
Copyer - 1996 parent forecast.
Southern North Sea: Wind south to southeast light or moderate.
But she did not get into bed.
Firm holds 5.78 pct SCP Pool stake.
RTRS-LISA welcomes Australian pension changes.
It is only at the tree loaded with fruit that people throw stones.
All tests on products for overseas markets need to be interpreted with caution.
Wiles help weak folk.
Two buttons of her blouse had come unfastened.
One grievance borne, another follows.
An old poacher makes the best keeper.
RTRS-Australia to offer A$700 mln in T-bonds.
Apparently he was deluged with calls.
Solicitors: Reynolds Porter Chamberlain; Bell Lamb Joynson, Birkenhead.
Me too, said Bodie, and began to eat them.
Berlin did not fall so easily.
U.S. MUNICIPAL FOCUS - unchanged amid repricings.
Alexander the Great was but of small stature.
A mouse in time may bite in two a cable.
Ox, keep to your grass.
Organizationally, the weakness has been the failure to develop an appropriate management structure.
Insurer wants car rate cuts linked to heath care.
From the miseries of others he fears for his own position.
Better a dove on the plate than a woodgrouse in the mating place.
Lastly I have tried Party Plan.
Anoka-Hennepin ISD 11, Minn., won by JG Kinnard.
He takes out a nail and puts in a pin.
Who holds his peace and gathers stones, will find a time to throw them.
ATC Communications Q4 net rises.
One man cut the barrage, and a thousand people fell into the river.
PRESS DIGEST - Lithuania - Aug 23.
He must be a fair-minded fellow.
What is too high, that let fly.
Kenya shilling stronger against the dollar.
Rouble falls to 3,578 per mark in Moscow.
Like saint like offering.
Specialised bodies, such as regional development agencies are also extremely important.
Richard Boston Stella Gibbons, born January 5, 1902; died December 19, 1989.
Thereafter, primacy sank into insignificant arguments about precedence.
Robbed of warmth, all the young birds died.
Different fields, different grasshoppers; different seas, different fish.
But which countries are we talking about and how large are they?
When the fox cannot reach the grapes he says they are not ripe.
He that holds is no better than he that scourges.
Japan plans to buy 500 T Pakistani super rice.
Of princes shall outlive this powerful rhyme
Who preacheth war is the devil's chaplain.
It will operate them on a non-profit basis.
Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania final pricing.
Coffee retention indicator price 99.52 - Aug 21.
Who hath no courage must have legs.
I don't think I've eaten it since childhood.
New York gained 4.5%, and Paris 4.4%.
Leave is light.
He who blows in the fire will get sparks in his eyes.
It is hard to teach an old dog new tricks.
Leone Pippard, Our Lady of the White Whales
Nigeria allows trade in bank stability securities.
Break-up of a marriage can have a bitterly ill-effect on the children.
Our understanding of development is at a stage reminiscent of genetics in the 1930s.
Brazil cenbank silent on Bamerindus credit lines.
Things are as they be taken.
When you are at Rome, do as Rome does.
The hen flies not far unless the cock flies with her.
British detective helping in Belgian sex case. [CORRECTED 12:45 GMT]
1926 was a particularly bad year.
He ignored the customers and began totting up cash and postal orders.
A little gall spoils a great deal of honey.
God helps them that help themselves.
Time betrays and hangs the thief.
To a woman and a magpie tell your secrets in the marketplace.
The Turks allowed a Russian ship into their waters.
MFRI Inc Q2 July 31 net up.
It is not What she is, but What has she.
PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - Aug 20.
Inco down slightly in post-takeover trading.
Jane finally spoke, a weeping voice begging forgiveness.
German rate cut seen helping commodity markets.
The devil may die without my inheriting his horns.
Zenith lands $1 billion contract, plans $100 million plant.
When the ship has sunk everyone knows how she might have been saved.
Abundance will make cotton pull a stone.
West University Place, Texas, rated Aa by Moody's.
What is viler than to be laughed at?
Old-world courtesy as, and if, desired.
INTERVIEW - Asia should tap business to build - W.Bank.
De Klerk to explain history of S.Africa apartheid.
Well, how did it go? she asked companionably.
But a man who commits adultery lacks judgment; whoever does so destroys himself.
Hutchison to invest in Xiamen port - paper.
Lebed aide says Yeltsin to get Chechen plan.
Greek avg 1996 CPI seen down to 8.3 pct -minister.
You have already become very observant.
and write it out again the way is should have been.
Among men of honour a word is a bond.
Prices firm at Christchurch wool sale.
BALANCE - Johnson Cty, Kan. waters at $14.1 mln.
I had to wriggle out of the scrum, right, good
Italian bonds/futures.
Foreign share of NZ govt securities rose in July.
'Tis a good horse that has no fault.
And what do you imagine Greek Intelligence can do?
It seemed as good a moment as any for a change of scene.
Evil communications corrupt good manners.
EMU criteria must not be weakened, Bundesbank official says.
One is never so rich as when one removes (from one house to another).
RESEARCH ALERT - Salomon downgrades Jilin Chemical.
Let me get over the lake, and I have no fear of the brook.
Lucky charms protect you only if you have your own luck.
Fiskars H1 profit up to FIM 139 mln.
Providence tempers the wind to the shorn lamb.
Bolt a door with a boiled carrot!
Asses must not be tied up with horses.
London Review of Books , 19 September 1985.
If we are talking about Maggie Ellis, ne Dungarvan?
Reagan's 'Western White House' put up for sale.
Life is half spent before one knows what life is.
Most urban Chinese unaware of life insurance - survey.
These are privately owned farmhouses, country cottages seaside holiday bungalows.
The branch is seldom better than the stem.
Norway Bergesen sees mixed outlook for rest of 1996.
Do well and have well.
Bargains are costly.
Don't think there are no crocodiles because the water is calm.
As for friars, live with them, eat with them, and walk with them; then sell them as they do themselves.
Jest so that it may not turn to earnest.
Sickly UK manufacturing recovering slowly - CBI.
Kantor says U.S.-China trade gap growing too fast.
Good thongs may be cut out of other people's hides.
In Japan, robotics seems to be limited only by human imagination and technology.
Schiphol shows top Euro-cargo growth in Jan-July.
The niggard spends as much as he who is liberal, and in the end more.
The carrion which the eagle has left feeds the crow.
REUTER EC REPORT LONG-TERM DIARY (13 OF 13).
London tube strike still on, union shuns meeting.
The treason is loved but the traitor is hated.
H.F. Ahmanson receives FDIC approval for BIF bank.
The fox loves cunning, the wolf covets the lamb, and a woman longs for praise.
Pakistan's M.C. Bank H1 profit seen up.
Not all things have to be scrutinized, nor all friends tested, not all enemies exposed and denounced.
The sun shines upon all alike.
Solicitors: Thomas Cooper Stibbard; Treasury Solicitor.
Good practice such as that described by Hegarty et al .
Japan kerosene import increase seen continuing.
Ethnicity and housing is dealt with in chapter 5, section 5.3.
Trash and trumpery is the highway to beggary.
He that will thrive must rise at five, He that hath thriven may lie till seven.
Far-fetched and dear-bought is good for ladies.
The evil which issues from thy mouth falls into thy bosom.
He who marries ill, is long in becoming widowed.
The tongue of idle persons is never idle.
GE, Tandem in pact for electronic data system in China.
Digital Q1 off to slow start - Morgan.
SOCCER-SCOTTISH PREMIER DIVISION RESULT/STANDINGS.
RTRS - Australian Treasury offers A$1.4 bln of notes.
For that matter, few British universities have since achieved the 6% figure.
NZ govt to sell Works for over $80 million - sources.
The consumer market would be saturated with goods.
The green burns for the dry, and the righteous pay for sinners.
This high-flyer was then in his early thirties.
St Joseph Cty, Ind, $30 mln revs priced by Goldman.
EU concerned about U.S. moves against Iran, Libya.
He stopped in the door for a minute.
Two birds disputed about a kernel, when a third swooped down and carried it off.
I couldny get they wipers tae wipe!
Operation is a last resort and was not very successful in my time.
Social security and tax arrangements have assumed and reinforced women's dependence on men.
Philippine mutual funds net asset values.
In the low bank behind him were three rabbit holes.
Canon Electronics - 1996 parent forecast.
RTRS - Outlook for Australia entities positive - S&amp;P.
Details about the association can be obtained from Mr Paul Questier, Mayfield, .
Brazil weekly soybean and product shipment.
A churl knows not the work of spurs (i.e., honour).
Malaysia's Mahathir forges ties with China visit.
An empty sack will not stand upright.
The pen can kill a man; no knife is needed.
If the ball does not stick to the wall, yet 'twill leave some mark.
NFA disciplines firm for deceptive radio ads.
Young wood makes a hot fire.
Washington lawyer Born sworn in as CFTC chief.
Often vehicles are provided for the use of children or other non-drivers.
Obviously weight-lifting will develop many muscles.
RTRS-Australia's Fahey says Telstra sale improves.
IRS need not specify why auditing muni bonds - Owens.
CRICKET-POLICE COMMANDOS ON HAND FOR AUSTRALIANS' FIRST MATCH.
Denotes models no longer on sale in the form tested
Lightly come, lightly go.
He keeps watch over a good castle who has guarded his own constitution.
How many unlucky convicts lack the services of a generous counsel?
Net earnings per share rose 100% to 0.10.
Better there should be too much than too little.
At the end of my lawn
British trade deficit stable in June.
Why did you choose modern furniture?
All are not saints that go to church.
U.S. June trade gap narrows sharply as imports drop.
Nothing is so burdensome as a secret.
The worst ache is the present ache.
Because I'd done two prison sentences they obviously expected me to go back again.
You'd be almost a stranger too.
They were accustomed to his irregular hours.
At worst she has put Cabinet government temporarily on ice.
Health and wealth create beauty.
SOCCER-INDEPENDIENTE WIN 3-0 UNDER MENOTTI.
To some degree, that is true.
Let your head be more than a funnel to your stomach.
What you are doing do thoroughly.
The sheep that is too tame is sucked by too many lambs.
Mother Teresa, world's protector of the poor.
Little by little as the cat ate the flickle.
Rose made a front-of-curtain speech begging the audience's indulgence.
You cannot make a sieve of an ass's tail.
ICE HOCKEY-FINLAND BEAT GERMANY, LOOK SET FOR WORLD CUP SEMIS.
Novell Inc. unveils intranet product.
UK money market rates tighten on large shortage.
Any information and queries please contact .
PROBE LIKELY INTO S.AFRICA'S 'APARTHEID' MINES.
If the old dog barks, he gives counsel.
The rejection of the proletarianization theory for clerical workers by Marshall et al .
Birds of a feather flock together.
UK takeovers and mergers - August 23.
She did not look as if she might be dying of some dreadful disease.
Emulation is the whetstone of wit.
It's the empty can that makes the most noise.
He suffocates me with kindness.
He that is ashamed to eat is ashamed to live.
Statoil says Denmark delays exploration licences.
French is the first language of Euro Disneyland.
His income is higher than his applicable amount.
NOW, A PHOTO OF JUST THE TWO OF YOU, MR WYATT
With spring approaching woodworkers will be contemplating an end to their winter's hibernation.
Nairobi index falls in dull trading.
Indonesia shipping - Aug 21.
It is too near even to be within arm's reach.
(For an extended discussion of alternative approaches to media reform see Curran, 1986.)
Two-year-old form suggests Culture Vulture will be the toughest rival for Musicale.
IMTEC Inc Q4 full results.
SOCCER-JONK RETURNS TO DUTCH SQUAD FOR BRAZIL FRIENDLY.
Fight a wolf with a flex stalk.
Israel, Palestinian economy ministers to meet.
It is good to beware by other men's harms.
Russian consulate guard in Bahrain hurt in attack.
The Sutton Junior Tennis Centre was officially opened in June 1991.
Co-operative training in particular, deserves further attention at this stage in its development.
Aircrew's rocket-propelled exit from plunging plane
French insurance unit posts big half year loss.
The Saracens Head Inn was mentioned in Dickens' Pickwick Papers.
GOLF-ALLENBY SELECTED AS CAPTAIN'S CHOICE.
The plaintiff was insured under a policy which had been effected by brokers.
Otto III excavated the stone throne of Charlemagne.
A person must have a reasonable time to prepare his case.
Lockport City SD, N.Y., single-A - Moody's.
Villagers get lessons in rural protest
Surinam July inflation jumps to 3.8 percent.
UK to detail CGEA's second rail franchise.
BOLSWESSANEN SAYS H1 DOWN ON INCIDENTALS.
Wealth is best known by want.
Axime falls on 1995/96 results, downgrade. [CORRECTED 16:50 GMT]
There came nothing out of the sack but what was in it.
I do hope the audiences will cheer up a bit.
A light belly, heavy heart.
If you will stir up the mire, you must bear the smell.
Cheung Kong sees slower growth in H2.
Teck to sell C$280 mln in debentures.
On St. Valentine all the birds of the air in couples do join.
Softly, softly, catchee monkey.
If the rings are lost, here are the fingers still.
A tree is known by its fruit.
The full cask makes no noise.
California Amplifier co-founder resigns.
Make yourself a sheep and the wolf will eat you.
When we cannot get what we love, we must love what is within our reach.
A child's life is like a piece of paper on which every passerby leaves a mark.
So many men, so many opinions. [Lat., Quot homines, tot sententiae.]
He will be reporting on the Poly marathon in the June issue of RUNNING.
Though the bird may fly over your head, let it not make its nest in your hair.
Bundesbank does not plan news conference today.
The more a woman admires her face, the more she ruins her house.
Could you suggest a medium which would help the oil paint to flow better?
He who hunts with cats will catch mice.
Our society is based on ideas
Brazil July 16-Aug 15 Fipe inflation at 0.83 pct.
Praise yourself, basket, for I want to sell you.
WALIBI'S MINI-EUROPE SEES GOOD SUMMER VISITOR FLOW.
It's not the same to talk of bulls as to be in the bullring.
Maybe it was the gin finally getting to him.
Misfortune is not that which can be avoided, but that which cannot.
Nigerian blue chip shares rise in quiet trade.
It is the beginning of the new year.
Designed to bring out hair's natural movement, it emphasises curl shape and formation.
Ready money works great cures.
Your friend has a friend; don't tell him.
Who has no bread to spare should not keep a dog.
In 1991, the workshops focussed on photography, video and community theatre.
The man who never makes a mistake always takes orders from one who does.
Kansas fall crops rated mostly good to excellent.
The situation at Stardust Jewellers was quite different.
Merrill prices 4-tranche asset-backed dollar FRN.
The main colour holiday guide with full accommodation details is available free at T.I.C.
There are three double bedrooms, one with en suite facilities.
Illiteracy was but one of its multiple facets.
Blessed are the dead that the rain rains on.
Make a virtue of necessity. [Claim credit for compulsory rectitude.]
He's been around and he's supertuned.
That which is deferred is not abandoned.
A scabby head fears the comb.
Clinton denounces Dole tax cut on train tour.
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.
With time and patience the mulberry leaf becomes a silk gown.
MFS in local phone deal with GTE.
It was very quiet in the room after that.
BASEBALL-BRAVES ERRUPT FOR THREE HOMERS ON SIX PITCHES.
Lithuania to sign loans for highway projects.
RTRS-TIMELINES-Today in History - Aug 28.
Financial donations to CAUSE may be sent to Mrs Pat McBride, Newlands Schools, Middlesbrough.
Gold stocks attract heavy Toronto trading.
Reshape one's foot to try to fit into a new shoe.
U.S. to sell $24 billion of 3-, 6-mo bills Aug 26.
NY bank discount window borrowings nil Aug 21 week.
Reported by PAUL H. NIEKIRK ESQ., Barrister
This consists of a married couple living together with their dependent child(ren).
Sir Julian Bullard was British ambassador in Bonn, 1984-88.
RESEARCH ALERT - Imperial Bancorp starts.
Indian court jails 93 for anti-Sikh riots.
Did you all manage to complete it?
DREADCO biochemists are devising X-ray stains and X-ray antibodies.
NZ denies interference in Hong Kong fraud case.
SOCCER-NORWAY ELITE DIVISION RESULTS/STANDINGS.
Easy to know men's faces, not their hearts.
Morton, A.Q. and McLeman J.J., Paul, the Man and the Myth, London, 1966.
Also its Distributed File System is on schedule for June.
RTRS - Australia set for solid growth, low inflation.
The smith hath always a spark in his throat.
Even foxes are caught.
As long as it doesn't cause too much disruption for you.
Yuan closes down against US dollar in Shanghai.
It is an appeal that combines self-interest with altruism.
One way around this problem is tree-cyling.
February fill dyke, be it black or be it white.
Nominations must be received at Burlington House by the closing date, 1 March 1992.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
A beggar's hand is a bottomless basket.
Strike when the iron is hot.
RUGBY LEAGUE-EUROPEAN SUPER LEAGUE RESULTS/STANDINGS.
It is easy to rob an orchard when noon keeps it.
Married to-day, married to-morrow.
Many believe the tax unfairly penalises poor blacks by increasing basic food prices.
There is nothing new under the sun.
The lazy servant takes eight steps to avoid one.
CME live cattle close easier ahead of report.
We must suffer much, or die young.
UAW delays choice of strike target.
The worst wheel creaks most.
Bless you and thank you for all your love and concern.
He has tasted of the lotus.
Grid references would only be useful to experts, he said.
Speaking for myself, I do not feel the slightest inclination to interfere.
First Ford car rolls out from India assembly line.
The poor man seeks only a crumb, then finds he still hungers.
Both these organizations publish free leaflets on various different aspects of the issue.
She had three sons, but they all died.
In my judgment this is clearly such a case.
The evils we bring on ourselves are the hardest to bear.
Many Hong Kong IPOs disappointing - analysts.
It is a long lane that has no turning.
Secondly, under section 32(1), there is specific provision for the timetabling of care proceedings.
The woman would be going nowhere now.
Israel's Justice Ministry said yesterday it accepted evidence that Mengele is dead.
But that was not enough to save The Witch .
Silent tongue and hempen heart often go together.
The world is so full of a number of things
Dance is a language of silence.
The ingredient and nutrition listings in this booklet are effective as at June 1991.
The peasant will not cross himself before it begins to thunder.
The defects at birth were the sequelae of the prior injury.
The final decision on their fate lies with the government.
May you have warmth in your igloo, oil in your lamp, and peace in your heart.
Himalayan pilgrim death toll rises to 84.
Agenda Brugge is a useful free guide to what's on each month.
One fool may ask more questions than seven wise men can answer.
Sapientia vino obumbratur Wisdom is overshadowed by wine
Being on sea, sail; being on land, settle.
Good and bad make up a city.
We are setting up outreach around Glasgow Green, South Side and the Gorbals.
He who lives more lives than one, more deaths than one must die.
In 1939 58 per cent were still doing so.
Summer at Sunset Cottage was an idyllic time.
An old woman dancing makes a great dust. [Anything out of season is obnoxious.]
You'd think, Oh this is a big gradient.
PRESS DIGEST - Washington Post page one - Aug 22.
S.African Telkom equity partner deal seen by March.
Kloof fire extinguished, output loss minimal.
A true population programme in the broadest sense failed to emerge.
That was about three weeks in bed, having a toot to kill the pain.
Their beds are changed at least daily, at great cost in labour.
Sweep first before your own door, before you sweep the doorsteps of your neighbors.
Samson was a strong man, but he could not pay money before he had it.
A mild sheep is suck by every lamb.
U.S. OPTIONS FOCUS/Playing both sides of Morris.
Merrill initiates Rauma as neutral.
(These prices were quoted in February 1988).
A-levels now test a huge range of skills, not just knowledge.
Chile's Banco Concepcion plans capital increase.
That prospect is within the grasp of us all.
This needs to be spelled out in some detail.
India says sees no arms race with China, Pakistan.
RTRS-Westpac Australia leading index down in June.
A hard knot requires a hard wedge.
Thai opposition gears up for no-confidence debate.
Feeling stronger, Mother Teresa scribbles notes.
What I have deplored or been sceptical about they would find admirable.
A contented man is always rich.
Marriage is like a groundnut: you have to crack them to see what is inside.
Secondly, there are no qualifications at all here about the use of force.
Brazil buys dlrs at 1.015 in commercial tender.
Endorphins are released in response to severely painful stimuli.
He was born on a Sunday, he likes work ready done.
Neutrals are soused from above, and singed from below.
He has brought his pigs to a fine market.
London underground rail strikes called off.
SHELL CDA raises Canada light oil prices.
A famine in England begins at the horsemanger.
Report back before you finish the stock bottle.
A table is not blessed if it has fed no scholars.
TENNIS-MARTINEZ REACHES SEMIS BY BEATING TAUZIAT. [CORRECTED 5:39 GMT]
Who answers for another pays.
PRESALE- Charlotte Valley CSD, N.Y.
Southern Africa leaders join forces on trade,drugs.
She gave every one a drink.
We can't afford to, said Tina.
Tobacco companies fighting more bad news.
On the other hand, the process was protracted and inefficient.
Lasses are lads' leavings.
EU concerned about US moves against Iran, Libya.
U.S stocks up at midday but rate worries cast pall.
All is fish that comes to the net.
Earnings figures exclude share options and pension contributions.
North Korea warns U.S. it may ditch nuclear pact.
Oxford holds five pct BancFirst Ohio stake.
Who has tasted a sour apple, will have the more relish for a sweet one.
S.Korean won closes up on BOK dollar selling.
Behind the lavatory in the men's bathroom a nurse found a bottle of milk.
He who would relish his food must not see it cooked.
Paris was not built in a day.
There are clear signs that the oceans are dying.
Idleness is hunger's mother, and of theft it is bull brother.
RTRS-Mobil extends Ampolex offer.
Unique Mobility awarded Pentagon contracts.
Disassembled sin is double wickedness.
Hunger strike divides French ruling coalition.
Trust not tow with firebrands, not a woman with men.
Too much wax burns the church.
It actually works on the fear of rape.
Bond Buyer closing muni index 1/32 at 116-11/32.
No settlement talks in Lloyd's case - U.S. lawyer. [CORRECTED 22:08 GMT]
Most of the gossip was about taxation.
When the tree dies, the grass underneath withers.
Figure 11.3 The build-up of a TV audience
Chris Blackhurst is City editor of the Sunday Express
Yeltsin's wife has kidney operation.
No order for costs save legal aid taxation.
SYNOPTICS RECEIVE UNIPART ORDER FOR INTELLIGENT HUBS
God gives a curst one short horns.
R R DONNELLEY BUY SOFTCOPY INC
Especially without much equipment left to resist it.
Unify signs licensing pact with Chinese.
Samsung Elec shrs fall to limit low.
My son's my son till he gets him a wife, My daughter's my daughter all her life.
Of three things the devil makes a salad: advocate's tongues, notaries' fingers, and a third that shall be nameless.
Blame is the lazy man's wages.
A woman and a glass are always in danger.
Exceptionals seen boosting HK's CITIC Pacific.
Once again the disadvantaged have their disadvantage confirmed.
Blue-chip stocks hit by higher long-term rates.
This is called a scientific novelty.
Ask - 6mth parent forecast.
Success and rest don't sleep together.
RTRS-Futuris says Elders bid will not rise.
Of course we can, Don Mini said.
No folly to being in love.
Shadwell nodded and said gently, You're being ungrateful, Karim.
Even now she goes pale thinking about it.
Pageant organizers deny ultimatum to beauty queen.
But they do call for explanation.
Sixty people have already lost their jobs at the Norfolk Smokehouses food processing plant.
The devil is a busy bishop in his own diocese.
Novices should be content with one per day.
He that lives well is learned enough.
I had not slept much and was up before dawn.
Fancy requires much, necessity but little.
Yesterday a cowherd, to-day a cavalier.
He buys honey dear who has to lick it off thorns.
An ape's an ape, a varlet's a varlet, though they be clad in silk and scarlet.
And what has been the effect of the reforms?
If God give not bushelfuls, he gives spoonfuls.
S.T. Chemical -96/97 parent forecast.
U.S., China trade frictions to rise with defict.
Wherever you may be, do as you see done.
PRESS DIGEST - Croatia - Aug 23.
Revise your roles in marriage where necessary or helpful.
In the long run, the greyhound kills the hare.
He that hath no honey in his pot, let him have it in his mouth.
Our four female members were the only women in the audience.
Ukraine hails peace as marks five-year independence.
Adam got a hoe, and Eve got a spinning-wheel, and thence come all our nobles.
Chances of dying in an operation are one in one thousand eight hundred .
For a web begun God sends thread.
A silent pig digs the deepest root.
US FTC staff agree with FCC rule on LMDS licenses.
The savage ox grows tame on strange ground.
Smooth-talking Sunil Abeyewickreme, 17, fooled nightclub managers into believing he was a successful businessman.
The cat has nine lives: three for playing, three for straying, three for staying.
He that deals in dirt has ay foul fingers.
How would the system cater for this?
Smith Corona terminates stock sale pact.
I stood in front of the selection team from Castelnaudary two days later.
If she bought it, then you don't know what it ought to taste like.
Ghetto around Chicago convention site recovering.
McQueen seems to inspire Hoffman to underplay, too.
Let's snuff out the shod people and welcome the long shadows.
Oil companies in Colombia see red over reforms.
Though a long term objective, biological switches are already under test.
Austria's Vranitzky says no NATO decision in 97.
We're seen as cross-cultural with a product range with international ingredients.
Reported by Mrs. Clare Barsby, Barrister
But beyond them lies a more troubling general question.
A pleasant companion on a journey is as good as a postchaise.
Every man to his own straw basket full of apples.
The verdict of the commission is now legally binding.
They who do not wash well, do not bleach well.
Good advice is given; good esteem is no given.
Always in love, never married.
Seoul brands student action as terrorism.
Finland yet to decide on markka-ERM link -- c.bank.
Yeltsin mystery thickens, triggers &quot;succession bid&quot;.
It's the most complex instrument we've ever built, says Joe McCaughey, Marconi's project manager.
What was it that you did wrong up there?
Sapiens nihil affirmat quod non probat A wise man states as true nothing he does not prove
If a man has folly in his sleeve, it will be sure to peep out.
Some who mean only to warm, burn themselves.
The worth of a thing is what it will bring.
Norske Skog first-half profits rise.
POLISH BANKS BID FOR PLN 188 MLN BONDS AT OUTRIGHT.
He who suspects is seldom at fault.
He that would eat the fruit must climb the tree.
Riken Corundum - 1996 parent forecast.
Sayansk Aluminium sees 1996 output 327,000 tonnes. [CORRECTED 09:15 GMT 25/8]
You were born when wit was scant.
Make me strong, too, like her.
Hijacked Sudanese Airbus heads to Cyprus.
Costello sees strong Australian investment.
Away with grieving, only fit for women.
There is no question of the popular movement rejecting the PLO.
Argentine bonds slip on impatience with measures.
As for coming out: you are very wary.
Ill-gotten goods thrive not to the third heir.
BRUSSELS AIRPORT CARGO TRAFFIC UP 6.5 PCT LAST MON.
The mind when unoccupied knows not what it wants.
British Museum Lunchtime talks and lectures every day.
The IAAF are expected to ratify the DLV decision.
And his house in the Georgetown suburb of Washington was a virtual fortress.
A hearth of your own is worth gold.
China Eastern aims for 30 pct share list abroad.
Both are the better for their mutual friendship.
Well, World, you have kept faith with me,
Who starts a new business -- and how long should it take?
As a framework it can make no claim to be exhaustive or final.
Woods have ears and fields have eyes.
Yields could gain at Portugal 5-yr bond sale.
A Man Likes a Good Listener
The more you get the more you want.
There are only two good women in the world; the one is dead, the other not to be found.
Israel Oil Refineries Q2 net profit plunges.
But unchecked, she seeks total victory and final solutions.
And the party has been devising an environmentally-friendly economic strategy.
A life of leisure, and a life of laziness, are two things.
Long talk makes short days.
Japan defence vice-minister in China for talks.
See Dorothy Wordsworth's Journals 24 April 1802).
now you work with Edinburgh District Council don't you?
I'm not sorry about what happened, I'm just sorry about you being married.
He'll be here in his final retreat, waiting for the climactic battle.
It was Elvis who kindled my interest in music.
Quebecor Printing signs Tele-Direct deal.
And that's why you always look so sad, I thought.
I have rarely seen a faster disappearance.
Tickets are available from the Plymouth Theatre Royal on 0752-669595.
U.S. June trade deficit narrowed 23.1 pct.
Jupiter himself cannot please everybody.
I received daffodils, roses and an acting primer.
Soon enough if well enough.
NO CABINET DEAL SEEN AT SLD-PSL MEETING WEDNESDAY.
Overcentralisation is a continuing threat in any large public system of this kind.
Clumsy birds have need of early flight.
The US PGA took this opportunity to announce some proposed Ryder Cup rule changes.
A scabby colt may make a good horse.
Gum rings can develop thin dark veins on flat-sawn surfaces.
ImmuDyne says tests confirm its products.
To love and to be wise are two different things.
The hyena does not forget where it has hidden its kill.
He who would succeed at court, must lie sometimes low, sometimes high.
To the jaundiced all things seem yellow.
Take heed you find not that you do not seek.
Urban Outfitters Inc Q2 net rises.
Swedish producer prices fall 0.1 pct in July.
CBOT soymeal deliveries - Aug 22.
It is good to be near of kin to an estate.
I will not change a cottage in possession for a kingdom in reversion.
RTRS-Caltex says refiner margins narrow.
The monk responds as the abbot chants.
It is a dear collop that is cut out of thine own flesh.
The narrower the cage, the sweeter the liberty.
SOCCER-ZAGALLO NAMES MAKESHIFT SQUAD FOR BRIEF EUROPEAN TOUR.
Then what did he do with his havanas?
It's not worth crying over spilt milk.
The Lord will not fail to come, though he may not come on horseback.
558 and Clifton Securities Ltd. v. Huntley 1948 2 All E.R.
Garden flowers larger, field flowers stronger.
Fed Reserve Bank of Kansas City Chairman resigns.
So far, few X-applications are available (50 packages?) but enough to show promise.
are the spines of tiny fragile animals.
Dutch closing debt market report.
Though a tree grow ever so high, the falling leaves return to the ground.
So, none of those pictures would be in the exhibition that you have?
He is an old saint, any may leave it in the hands of God.
WEATHER - Conditions at CIS airports - August 20.
NZ Electoral Commission attacks broadcasting rules.
RTRS-Australia's Howard wants to go full term.
A daily guest is a great thief in the kitchen.
Managed Care to receive investment.
Chrysler names Brust Latam, Middle East mgr.
Canadian key economic indicators.
FINNISH ECONOMIC INDICATORS.
Perhaps more importantly, governmental space sources relate that Margaret Thatcher is behind ERS-2.
God alone understands fools.
Death is never at a loss for occasions.
The Ice Shards cause 2D6 S 4 hits on their target.
Her album, Captain Swing, is out now on London Records.
Calif. home sales climb 17.6 pct in July - report.
The cunning wife makes her husband her apron.
Associate with the good and you will be one of them.
Bachelor, a peacock; betrothed, a lion; married, an ass.
Greek PM calls early elections on September 22.
Joseph Koudelka Ron McCormick: Two Views of Southend (1970s), (21 Mar25 Apr).
RESEARCH ALERT - Ohio Edison said raised.
Tarrant Cty., Texas won by NationsBanc.
Choose neither a lover nor linen by candlelight.
Bank of France holds intervention rate unchanged.
The Economic Role of Women and Demographic Change
Belgium makes 10th arrest in Dutroux case.
He that speaks sows, and he that holds his peace gathers.
Particular items like cartoons and horoscopes often had high readerships; leading articles did not.
FrankfurterHypo sets 100 million mark hybrid bond.
Nothing is so burthensome as a secret.
If envy would burn, there would be no need for wood.
There is a bright moon, and the sky is full of stars.
We never know the worth of water till the well is dry.
Australian court acquits former high-flier Elliott.
From that moment he could have transformed his country.
Wolff's approach tends to the empiricist view.
Look, Sir Charles is coming over, I must thank him.
Yet she was pardoned, because she was an internationally famous actress.
RESEARCH ALERT-Sapporo Breweries rated.
Never be too much elated.
Turkish investment trust to start trade on bourse.
Bare words make no bargain.
US, EU to hold further veterinary talks mid-Sept.
Israel minister says let peace process collapse.
Poland's KGHM to launch water subsidiary this year.
When fortune's chariot rolls easily, envy and shame cling to the wheels.
Who does not punish evil, invites it.
Egypt raises Sept crude prices by 5 to 15 cents.
We must lay off the booze even during Holy Communion.
Czech Jan-July trade deficit CZK 85.3 bln.
There were never fewer nobles than when all would be so.
Great hate follows great love.
Quality without quantity is little thought of.
RESEARCH ALERT - Sunx rated.
It is a bad bargain, where both are losers.
How does Compact fit in with other Government initiatives to benefit the inner cities?
With money in your pocket you are wise, you are handsome, and you sing well too.
Buba's last hurrah? Europe's budgets next focus.
Madrid stocks' gains eroded by profit-taking.
There's a fellow called Peter Fallon who's behind this thing.
World market rice prices -- USDA.
All the other commandments involve specific actions.
The beast that goes well is never without some one to try his paces.
As long as he's got his thinking distance.
Priestly knaves sweat hard at their meat, but never at work get into a heat.
Men are blind in their own cause.
IMF team to evaluate Peru's record in September.
Trocadero expects tripling of revenues.
AIB launches three bonds off its EMTN Programme.
Rouble lower at 5,326.50 per dlr in Moscow.
A nice balance between clutch and throttle.
U.S. weekly agriculture loan report.
With law must the land be built.
The greater the fear the nearer the danger.
You may shut your doors against a thief, but not against a liar.
He is the devil's valet, he does more that he is ordered.
Offshore Logistics Inc Q4 net drops.
With a good name one may easily sin.
South Africa yet to hear from apartheid enforcers.
Workers at Serbian arms plant keep up protest.
Had we never loved sae kindly
He who rides on the giant's shoulders sees further than he who carries him.
He that would eat the kernel must crack the nut.
Israelis rally to defence of top judge.
Example is the greatest of all seducers.
British tourist drowns off Cyprus coast.
I played the Elvira Madigan Mozart, you would have liked it .
If you have learnt to wait, you may be Queen of Sweden.
Yes they had one down there.
It is never too late to ask what time it is.
The emphasis is on restoration of things in specie and physical things.
Deep fruity croaking and a raven circled the fortress.
Caterpillar says at impasse with UAW.
He threatens many who affronts one.
Now he's a very accomplished player, the Australian Davis Cup stalwart said.
IWOULD urge Jayne Greenwell not to be concerned about her son's religious instruction.
This he waved his hand this has given me true inspiration.
He will die before he's old who's wise before his time.
Every hair casts its shadow.
If you cannot bite, never show your teeth.
FPC's Crystal River nuke reduces power.
Farmers in European countries were impressed by the approach to training in the UK.
LME copper may breach $2,000/tonne in Sept - M'bishi.
He that is fed at another's hand may stay long ere he be full.
He will not lose his oats for want of braying.
If you have one pair of good soles it is better than two pairs of good uppers.
It sells combination tickets to four museums for about 3.
They are proud to be part of it.
Kurd rebels to free Turkish soldier prisoners.
There are more threatened than hurt.
NZ Court of Appeal rejects John Barlow's appeal.
When I was about nine I grew positively hungry for poetry.
Patience! said the wolf to the ass.
Bass shares flat in wake of Allied deal.
See a pin and let it lie, you'll want a pin before you die.
Japan Sept-Nov temperatures, rainfall seen average.
Satirist became a vogue word when TWTWTW was on.
The servant wench that has a mother in town swoons seven times a day.
One bird in the dish is better than a hundred in the air.
Best to bend while 'tis a twig.
European veg oils little changed despite Chicago.
So thirteen fifty and that would make how many?
Only when that programme of cell divisions has been carried out do oligodendrocytes differentiate.
The best five entries will receive a legendary FlyPast Goodie-bag each.
U.S. inspection destinations for wheat/corn/barley.
The best soldiers are not warlike.
Russia grain harvest at 36 mln T by Aug 17 - agency.
You ask the path when the high road is before your eyes.
Nynex, Teleport expand interconnect pact.
The entire world rests on the tip of the tongue.
Any number squared gives you a positive number.
Fourth suspect in Belgian scandal appears in court.
RESEARCH ALERT - Sano, Research Medical.
Children are certain sorrow, but uncertain joy.
I'm also including the accompanying drum machine grooves.
When his mind's on fisticuffs he sits in on the training sessions there.
Tokyo stocks power higher as US keeps rates steady.
Bundesbank throws EMU a line--but on its own terms.
So we've only got one thing more to do for you.
Protests continue on eve of Australian budget.
Not what you do, but how you do it.
The boat turned into the wind and the waves and headed north.
Nishikawa Keisoku -95/96 parent results.
OpenWindows and Sunsoft Inc's Deskset tools are bundled.
Rutland Water is a large man-made lake situated just east of Oakham.
Scores of us fell at Culloden.
Bundesbank to cut repo rate this week, analysts say.
Orange H1 figures seen halting share slide.
Love your neighbour, but don't pull down the fence.
But for those who have no alternative it is the only choice.
Even a frog would bite if it had teeth.
He is not poor that hath little, but he that desireth much.
Sabena kicks off key talks with unions.
Merrill Corp Q2 July 31 net up.
Better give nothing than stolen alms.
The king can do no wrong.
Hence the saucy video and red lipstick.
Some U.S. pilot fatigue rules may be dropped.
As, as an S S P C A representative.
Serve as a serf or fly like a deer.
Oil prices will help cut Kuwait deficit - bank.
Keep your secret in your own gourdy.
Sterilise the bottles and rinse well.
HP EUROPEAN USERS TO GATHER IN JUNE AT BIRMINGHAM
Another required part of the explanation is the institutions Qaddafi introduced to eliminate representation.
I was beginning to wonder if the place actually existed.
Name not a rope in his house that hanged himself.
U.S. MUNICIPAL FOCUS - prices fall in quiet session.
He that pryeth into the clouds, may be struck with a thunderbolt.
We do that with the Mamatoto ones again.
Chirac wants France to snap out of doldrums.
Australia's Cossack production cut until October.
Crows everywhere are equally black.
Like Banbury tinkers that in mending one hole make three.
Ingratitude is the world's reward.
MICROPORT UNIX V.4 SUPPORTS COROLLARY DESIGNS
Fraud is likely to occur only in sales of brand-name drugs still under patent.
Huey Tai Int'l posts lower year profit.
The road to success is lined with many tempting parking spaces.
A bad word whispered will echo a hundred miles.
Other times, other counsels.
Burundi's new leader rejects report on killings. [CORRECTED 21:55 GMT]
Russia 1997 oil output, exports could fall 2-3 pct.
Though living, dead for all useful purposes.
BASEBALL-MAJOR LEAGUE STANDINGS AFTER SATURDAY'S GAMES.
Before you beat a dog, find out who its master is.
Don't hang your hat higher than you can reach.
U.S. palm and coconut oil imports--Commerce.
In a gratin dish pour a little of your cream sauce.
The Jackson Pollock/Lee Krasner exhibition continues at the Kunstmuseum, Bern, until February 4, 1990.
Great Northern Gas Co Q2 profit vs loss.
Music is the best cure for a sorrowing mind.
'Twixt the cup and the lip there's many a slip.
Finally, she turned to painting very successfully.
PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - Aug 27.
Republic Industries defends ADT acquisition.
Assets of U.S. money market funds rose in week.
Over four million people have taken out personal pensions.
Municipal Mortgage merges with fund.
The highest flood has the lowest ebb.
Polar sees September rise in HK-US air cargo rates.
Let him play the instrument who knows how.
SVCD Bulgaria air traffic controllers to strike September 3.
After all, the great Compton demonstrated the two games were inter-related.
Canada sets review of bank payments system.
Set a beggar on a horse and he'll ride to the devil.
John Betjeman leaves us with this vignette:
Businessmen, politicians and academics came and went from it.
He cannot be a friend to any one who is his own enemy.
Illustration to Linda Nochlin's essay Morisot's Wet Nurse in the collection reviewed here.
When one bird digs, the other stands on guard.
Money is a good servant but a had master.
Blue chips end higher as Fed holds rates unchanged.
Who seeks more than he needs hinders himself from enjoying what he has.
Of two evils, it is always best to vote for the less hypocritical.
Some people were undoubtedly in difficult situations.
Russians, rebels due to cease fire in Chechnya.
He who stumbles and does not fall mends his pace.
Another's misfortune does not cure my pain.
FORECAST - Italy seen issuing 37 trln lire Bots.
Manufactured Home Communities sets payout.
Garbage in, garbage out. [GIGO]
Corrected scale on Francis Howell, Mo., schools.
BZW hires CSFB exec to head Europe credit business.
Six arrested, probably Iraqis, after UK hijack.
In working-class areas, neighbours similarly look after each other's offspring.
What a lot that tells us about the Treasury.
Oppostion voters cowed in Bosnia - U.N..
Not even a drop is left.
'Tis one beggar's woe, to see another by the door go.
The tree is sure to be pruned before it reaches the skies.
Many museums have reacted by selling important works from their collections.
Do what you ought, come what may.
The habits of our youth accompany us in our old age.
Patrick O'Dea, Canon Michael Taylor, and Frs.
A favour ill placed is great waste.
The disorders of bulimia nervosa and anorexia nervosa are a case in point.
REUTER EC REPORT LONG-TERM DIARY (2 OF 13).
Only when all contribute their firewood can they build up a strong fire.
A prophet is not without honor save in his own country.
A drunk man's words are a sober man's thoughts.
How much time do you spend each day on the phone?
Drugs and other aids for overcoming the difficulties of jet-lag
Do they know what marital tension this can cause?
When the sun sets bright and clear, An easterly wind you need not fear.
Be not an esquire where you were a page.
German intelligence faces blushes over Libya deal.
BASF profits up, sees more growth.
Make sure to be in with your equals if you're going to fall out with your superiors.
No gain is as certain as that which proceeds from the economical use of what you already have.
LCE coffee ends down as weakness continues into PM.
Dayton Hudson to sell four Texas stores.
Money lent, an enemy made.
Australia's Optus rings up first annual profit.
U.S. says still wants fugitive Vesco returned.
In the main house there is The Alchemist in a fast, hilarious production.
ASK COMPUTER SYSTEMS WARNS OF LOSS
Who changes his condition changes fortune.
In practice, many A-level syllabuses have already changed beyond recognition.
This is all that is required to have a really well-trained dog.
What the peacock has too little on his head, he has too much on his tail.
Rover has introduced yet another special-edition Mini.
Nirvana when they were Savage Sausages BC
RTRS-Costello says rate cut working through.
They agree like bells; they want nothing but hanging.
He that hath time, and looks for time, loseth time.
Look it's got two legs and it's got two plaits the same as me.
When the blind lead the blind, both shall fall into the ditch.
Businesses in a central location are, more often than not, short of labour.
Tom mine is a comment and a request.
From a pure source pure water comes.
The mule long keeps a kick in reserve for its master.
He could not remember ever having hit every green in regulation or better.
A man is often a bad adviser to himself and a good adviser to another.
Russian serial killer strikes again.
Smoke, stench, and a troublesome wife are what drive men from home.
BolsWessanen warns of more charges.
Turnabout is fair play.
At evening the sluggard is busy.
Who gives to me, teaches me to give.
It is the possibility of love itself that the film is about.
Enjoy the beauty of the Savoy Alps on a Sealink Holiday.
3 To ensure a follow-up appointment to evaluate the results of the surgery.
INSIGHT - BEL-20 SEEN UNABLE TO SET NEW HIGHS.
MGE spring wheat closes lower in thin trade.
Urban villages can still be found in some parts of Britain.
The wins, the defeats and more defeats.
In the Garden Update: Herbal calendar
The cover of the Catalogue of Modigliani's oneman exhibition at Galerie B. Weill, 1917.
Todd Shipyard 10.24 pct stake held by Weil.
British trade deficit stable in June.
When it comes to buying houses, the British are keenest of all.
He that doth nothing doth ever amiss.
The full person does not understand the needs of the hungry.
All men grieve, and if you ask them the reason why, they cannot tell it.
Though you are a prudent old man, do not despise counsel.
Was there a letter from Joan?
Understanding the Present: Science and the Soul of Modern Man by Bryan Appleyard.
We all refer to that of which we know most.
At some point, treatment becomes futile.
Sanctioned by an electoral majority, coalition governments are likely to prove more lastingly effective.
Some of them must have been on there.
Eels become accustomed to skinning.
Swiss Bank Corp sets warrants on DTB-Bobl-Future.
Swap for Fender Vibroverb or Bassman.
RTRS-Woolworths in A$150 mln debt facility.
Coupon for Philippines' 5-yr note down to 15.0 pct.
RTRS-Caution culls Australia stocks gains by close.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
Danes appoint new defence chief after air disaster.
Asian dollar deposits little changed in late trade.
Harris revises Q2 earnings downward.
Smack a tray of water and you get to wash your face.
INTERVIEW - CompuServe CEO optimistic.
When the tale of bricks is doubled, then Moses makes his appearance.
The great would have none great, and the little all little.
PIN numbers for added security when abroad
But he is a major golf sponsor, and he's known Jefferson for years.
In fact the lymphangiogram turned out to be less arduous than it sounded.
Apatit hopes to boost phosphate sales.
Truth seeks no corners.
He who would enjoy the feast should fast on the eve.
Afterwards many people said this experience had been traumatic but positive.
NYCE cotton ends up on technicals, fear of storm.
EMU worries may have had role in Bundesbank move.
One brass block telephone 18 long with 4 wooden box on top.
If life hands you lemons, make lemonade.
Once burned by milk you will blow on cold water.
Hannibal is at the gate.
World Co - 96/97 group forecast.
Muck and money go together.
FEATURE - Nazi slaves set for compensation 50 years on.
S.Korean ship leaves for Japan to tow mutiny boat.
Tell me and I'll forget. Show me, and I may not remember. Involve me, and I'll understand.
CBOT levies fine, reprimands in March wheat expiry.
New things are most looked at.
Where luck is wanting, diligence is useless.
We have described a scheme for introducing logical objects into one hypertext system, Guide.
Dlr mixed at U.S. close amid interest rate jitters.
Who grudges his blood to a blade had better earn his living behind the plow.
One beats one's breast who does not beat one's child.
The latest list, released yesterday, shows Alan Cooke still at No.1.
I hope you've heard something that er meant something to you.
The garden must be prepared in the soul first or else it will not flourish.
Look at that signpost, Kate shouted.
The one who plants the tree is not the one who will enjoy its shade.
One devil knows another.
Huntsman Corp. set to announce two acquisitions.
The Looks That Say What About It?
Bees that have honey in their mouths have stings in their tails.
Belles are not for the beaux.
It didn't feel like much at the time, but I knew it was him.
Police surgeons, too, gave valuable evidence.
S.Africa money market shortage surges 831 mln rand.
POLISH BANKS BID TO PLACE PLN 1.56 BLN WITH NBP.
The bacon and eggs were surprisingly welcome.
Sleep not in time of peril.
PRESS DIGEST - New Zealand newspapers - Aug 28.
When you're playing well you make birdies.
Balabac approves conversion into holding company.
To forget one's ancestor's is to be a brook without a source, a tree without root.
LPC-Julian Hodge signs 51 mln stg credit.
Now, he said we'll see what this is all about.
I want to attract people in their lunch hour for a bowl of spaghetti.
Robin Hood could brave all weathers but a thaw wind.
His West Ham counterpart, Lou Macari, was less open.
Two Ghana opposition parties form poll alliance.
WINDOWS NT INTEGRATED INTO BANYAN VINES
The compromise was accepted by industry and the opposition melted away.
The sun passes over filth and is not defiled.
The devil makes his Christmas pies of lawyers' tongues and clerk's fingers.
Next week, that U2 baked potato in full.
He didn't really mean it, but his request sounded more gracious put that way.
Technical mastery means feeling at ease in both types of situation.
Long borrowed is not given.
The more you stir it the worse it stinks.
There is a cause for all things.
Foreigners neutral on Japan shares via 'Big Four'.
Workers on strike at Quaker Oats plant.
The doctor must heal his own bald head.
Though love is blind, yet 'tis not for want of eyes.
Consumer Reports finds sport utilities unsafe.
One such gene is myogenin which activates a set of genes in muscle development.
The choice at Olympia whosever it was, is interesting.
We can offer advice on suitability and make appropriate arrangements where possible.
About 81 miles of dyke are still visible.
Her sensual work addresses sexual stereotyping in mass and high culture.
In which year did John Arlott retire from radio cricket commentary?
Port of Tauranga sees slower trade growth.
The priest to his book, the peasant to his plough.
Of what use is it that the cow gives plenty of milk, if she upset the pail.
What's the difference between ASFA and C D rom?
Fort Worth, Texas $7.1 mln won by First Tennessee.
Do the likeliest and hope the best.
GOLF-BROADHURST LEADS GERMAN OPEN AFTER COURSE RECORD 62.
Some 60 to 100 Chinese are sent home every day.
HLD Japan firms to make auto parts in Mexico - rep.
Never judge from appearances.
Hungarian O/N rates test 24 pct but close lower.
Turkish shares surge on selective demand.
Kmart reports profit for second quarter. [CORRECTED 01:30 GMT 23/8]
The devil lurks behind the cross.
There is no pillow so soft as a clear conscience.
This is the milkmaid's tale.
Colombia's 1996 coffee output seen 8.0 pct lower.
Yasuda Fire to take majority stake in CIGNA unit.
Riches abuse them who know not how to use them.
He who does look before him, must take misfortune for his earnings.
And as for being able to do anything about it, well
RTRS-Queensland cane growers expect record crop.
Better ask twice than go wrong once.
And then of course he upped and died, far too early in life.
I say it to you, daughter; hear it, daughter-in-law.
Failed Estonia vote seen as warning to president.
U.S. stock index futures finish lower, off lows.
Istanbul gold ends mixed in dormant trade.
Bread is better than the song of birds.
It costs upwards of 300 a week to keep someone in residential care.
Canada economic indicators survey August 26-30.
Applicants should be qualified and experienced in magazine production and desktop publishing.
One often has need of a lesser than oneself.
But that cuts up to 2.5 per cent off profits, the firm revealed yesterday.
U.S. Office Products receives credit line.
In January 1988 the party conference voted for merger with the Liberals.
One 14 Dial Fusee movement clock with inscription: W Potts Sons, Leeds.
INDICATORS - Hungary - updated Aug 22.
From our ancestors come our names, but from our virtues our honours.
The only trouble was NT kept falling over.
Falling hurts least those who fly low.
From to-morrow till to-morrow time goes a long journey.
SOCCER-HUNGARY FIRST DIVISION RESULTS/STANDINGS.
Few current models of learning are in accord with this simple picture.
RTRS-INDICATORS - Latest Australian quarterly stats.
Books-A-Million Q2 profit vs loss.
US appeals court stays Lloyd's injunction. [CORRECTED 00:30 GMT 28/8]
The chamber-bell (chamber-clapper, or curtain lecture) is the worst sound one have in his ears.
Why was she in the MASH camp?
Rock became roadie for The Band and was Muhammad Ali's bodyguard.
Thousands of Belgians mourn two child-sex victims.
And then the moment came, when the children could not stay quiet.
Some are wise and some are otherwise.
RTRS-Profit-taking dampens Australian bond rally.
Supplements per person per night: Twin for sole use (on request) 12.25.
Dakota Mining in N.E. Nevada gold venture.
Arbor Drugs Inc sets payout.
He who has money to throw away, let him employ workmen, and not stand by.
Have you any Spanish? (Meaning, Have you got any money?)
Next a remark about associative binary operations.
It is easier to run from virtue to vice, than from vice to virtue.
High hopes but mixed reviews for Dole tax plan.
Sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.
Search consultants joining companies who hired them for search:
The doctor will not be long now.
Hyperion Telecommunications Inc Q1 EBITDA.
The film opens here on December 11.
OSCE chairman warns of Bosnia vote rigging.
When I have money in my purse, I have food in my mouth.
ATHLETICS-MULTI-DISCIPLINE WILDERNESS RACE BEGINS.
Singapore HSFO seen steady to soft amid soft crude.
If you say that he is guilty of ingratitude, you need say no more.
ZIMBABWE MONEY RATES STABLE IN WEDNESDAY TRADE.
U.S. West spot power up amid hot weather, BPA hike.
They had been so mistaken, Quincx and Leila.
One wolf does not kill another.
VICTOR is 18 and the eldest of a large family.
Taiwan gives first licence for CT-2 telecom mode.
Mad dogs get their coats torn.
A surgeon tries his experiments on the heads of orphans.
Jane, you must have been asleep.
Envy was never a good spokesman.
Her eyes were big and shining.
No receiver, no thief.
Fortune and glass break soon, alas!
That makes use in a number of sections of the concept of administrative receiver.
U.S. Spring/White Wheat - Bids mostly steady.
Problems with the younger or older generation or both will annoy you.
A good dog hunts by instinct.
Whatever is given to the poor, is laid out of the reach of fortune.
And a story came into my head.
Who rises late must trot all day.
BASEBALL-GREER HOMER IN 10TH LIFTS TEXAS PAST INDIANS.
When neighbours quarrel, lookers-on are more apt to add fuel than water.
Puerto Rico Housing, Finance at Aaa - Moody's.
SHERWOOD COMPUTER SERVICES TAKES ON PREMIER SYSTEMS STAFF
Lecture begins 5.30pm, Brunswick Building lecture theatre, Merrion Way, Leeds.
He who hunts after bargains will scratch his head.
Trademark group to advise on Internet name dispute.
Old signs do not deceive.
They are blooms of the transcendent only for here they die.
Either you clean the deck, Rickie, or I'll scrub it with your hair.
Most important, the public clearly like what they see.
Mother Teresa speaks for first time since illness.
Belgian police arrest detective in Dutroux affair.
The wise man, even when he holds his tongue, says more than the fool when he speaks.
See Naples and then die.
RTRS-Comalco at full Bell Bay capacity soon.
Australia calls for independent watch on APEC.
Find words butter no parsnips.
You never miss the water till the well runs dry.
isn't it, ten past, on Friday
A merry companion on the road is as good as a nag.
He nodded, and her eyes shone brilliant as diamonds.
Pleasantville SD, N.J. notes won by Fleet Sec.
Neither beg of him who has been a beggar, nor serve him who has been a servant.
U.S. aide rejects Iran charge on Kurdish clashes.
Manila's PHIBOR rates slip as liquidity eases.
Singapore bunkers up on perceived firm cargo level.
Law is a flag and gold is the wind that makes it wave.
Pakistan state bank sells 1.38 bln rupees of bonds.
This war is poisoning the world.
There is nothing so secret but it transpires.
Well if they're not here in five minutes I'm going .
He fell with his nose in the butter.
This situation poses at least two kinds of threat to the teacher.
I am neither at the ford nor the bridge.
Frankfurt dollar fix 1.4894 marks.
Although I was complimented it did not prevent my being officer of the watch.
When wine is in, wit is out.
To the extent of his death, I don't believe.
A good thing is esteemed more in its absence than in its enjoyment.
A cup in the pate is a mile in the gate.
A notice will appear following the March committee meeting.
I like not fair terms and a villain's mind.
Horn selects Suchman for Hungary industry ministry.
Argentine government to name airport consultants.
FORECAST - No cheer from July S.Africa money supply.
Still, I think you're right, I don't suppose he'll come back again.
If the devil find a man idle, he'll set him to work.
Many hands make quick work.
Fate leads the willing but drives the stubborn.
Indicates are that this figure is continuing to rise.
The universities were in visible retreat.
He that promises too much means nothing.
Great Central bucks the economic trend
Cocoa-Indonesian cocoa crop harvest on target.
A pretty pair of almond eyes.
I was timed at 20.4 seconds.
Beads about the neck, and the devil in his heart.
Skill will enable us to succeed in that which sheer force could not accomplish.
To take ambition from a soldier, is to rob him of his spurs.
AMCOL International Corp sets payout.
Speedy rise, speedy fall.
Venantius sets $300 million January 1999 FRN.
Bank of Canada monetary index to August 21.
If you put nothing into your purse, you can take nothing out.
Editor's Note: Thank you for your letter, Susan.
He who pays his debts, betters his condition.
* Sri Lanka key economic indicators.
What a tease life was, to be sure!
Kosugi Sangyo - 6mth parent forecast.
It is coded D7 CO 100.
Merrill wants higher &quot;supermarket&quot; fees - WSJ.
Condor resumes Brazil flight, adds Myanma.
Menace in the air at capital's drug trial
Venezuela sells 70.68 bln bolivars of TEM bills.
The second issue is to do with other existing roles and job specifications.
Some Texas roads going downhill - pavements chief.
The middle path is the safe path.
Hijacked Sudanese plane leaves Cyprus for London.
Fact is stranger than fiction.
Of course, there was no evidence for this.
Moody's says raises Dade Cty, Fla., health to Aa3.
Take your wife's first advice and not her second.
Nothing is more foolish than to dabble in too many things.
You know what I'm thinking about, Miranda replied sadly.
Fukuyama Consultant -96/97 group forecast.
I can deal with this very shortly.
And the large amount of time that the journey took also cast doubt.
Grafton first half pretax profit up 74 pct.
The Pack Corp -1996 parent forecast.
Fools sometimes give wise men counsel.
The prime suspect was Vic, though how would he know Mungo was in here?
It constitutes an important work of reference.
In a cat's eye, all things belong to cats.
GIRLS MAKE 40% OF ABUSE CALLS
PRESS DIGEST - France - Le Monde Aug 21.
Nedlloyd H1 net from ordinary ops falls.
What you've never had you never miss.
In the evening one may praise the day.
A man who is his own lawyer has a fool for a client.
Some of the animals which he used to shoot are seen above his head
The person who reads your article is a prospect.
A person changing his clothing always hides while changing.
Good news crawls on its belly; bad news has wings.
Crooked wood is straightened with fire.
No, queen, I'll not do that.
Our novelist's intellectual humour is asserting itself beneath the narrative.
If a man leaves little children behind him, it is as if he did not die.
The high price of Ridley's thoughts.
Southern Energy Homes names Batchelor chair.
Key Bank-NY, Swiss Bank enliven US corp bond sector.
No gain is so certain as that which proceeds from the economical use of what you already have.
Mind over matter.
Reported by Ian Saxton Esq., Barrister
Indonesia shipping - Aug 27.
What is remarkable is the extent and persistence of subcontracting relations.
Nourish not a lion's whelp.
Goodbye to all that for the second and last time.
SKW Trostberg estimates 96 profits up 30pct.
All things are easy that are done willingly.
BTR in talks to sell Tilcon - paper.
Begin to weave and God will give the thread.
The state rooms were redecorated by plasterers from Holyrood.
Honda posts strong first-quarter profits.
Any surplus is stored in bags on the wooden loft floor above the cow-byre.
Only three people got out of the train.
Every invalid is a doctor.
My first letter's found in my deep BARKING sound,
U.S. corporate new issue mart in late summer lull.
T-Shirts could have financed Trade Center bombing.
Lebed, snubbed by Yeltsin, sees Chechen deals.
The recoil tore at the ripped muscles in his right arm and shoulder.
Firebomber hits Turkish-German friendship hall.
She could not hope for news every day.
primeval deity of Memphis, an earth god, later identified with Ptah.
Shanghai Sanmao net falls 56.8 pct.
The fight against censorship starts in our own heads.
Neutrals tread on eggs and break none.
Bangladesh carpet maker wants to expand globally.
Greek money rates ease, Bank Greece cuts o/n rate.
Winter and wedlock tames man and beast.
Tanzania sees two years of falling coffee output.
True friends are tested in adversity.
Qatar Airways lifts 4,861 tonnes cargo in 7 mths.
Yet if anything compromises Potter here, it's not playing voyeur.
Gather thistles, expect prickles.
Conceal not your secret from your friend, or you deserve to lose him.
If wise men play the fool, they do it with a vengeance.
Who teaches me for a day is my father for a lifetime.
We have already noted that agents are often given considerable discretion by lenders.
Australian bond spreads widen vs dlr bloc.
Odd-Knut asked what time it had been when Kjell-Arne heard the noise.
Revealing LARGE STONES there letter four be.
There are grounds for cautious optimism.
RTRS-Macmahon sees buoyant 96/97 earnings.
Italy seen auctioning 13-15 trln lire in new paper.
IHC Caland upgrades 1996 forecast.
(We don't know of many businesses that shut at 3.30 pm.)
A girl with cotton stockings never sees a mouse.
Polish c.bank sells PLN 120 mln bonds at outright.
There was an edge to his voice, of defiance, almost.
With the idle it is always holy day time.
He knows where the devil carries his tail.
Hear, see, and be silent.
Nepal man held for keeping child servant in chains.
Her leg felt heavy and difficult to move.
Cheese and bread make the cheeks red.
Ask no questions and you will be told no lies.
At the end of the game you'll see who's the winner.
He who does not look before lags behind.
Our guide to furnishing your home by mail order
Satires run faster than panegyrics.
Creeping inflation seen keeping Egypt's rates high.
We judge of the present from the past. [The boy and the wolf.]
Danish 97 public deficit to fall to 5.8 bln crowns.
When thine enemy retreateth, make him a golden bridge.
FOCUS - Price battle hits Czech CEZ utility.
Sweden's current-account deficit shrank slightly in the year to March, to 1.1 billion.
Jordan expels Iraqi diplomat.
Two intriguing points concern the passage of time.
But I didn't think it was going to be this.
EBRD to lend Poland 50 mln Ecus for railways.
There is measure in all things.
When there is a fire in the neighbourhood carry water to your own house.
SCHUTTERSVELD FIRST-HALF NET RISES.
FEATURE - Estonia's president fights for re-election.
Or that of their families, their communities, and their friends?
U.S. general predicts Russian nuclear weapons drop.
In February 1942 Letson was again promoted, to be Adjutant-General in Ottawa.
All you need's a Vax account.
Most visitors go no further although the path continues quite easily up-river.
The wood has ears, the field has eyes.
THE three remaining members of Queen are set to tour next year.
The same progressive approach was applied to keep Keith in bed until 7am.
FINNISH CO-OP BANKS TO CUT OP-PRIME RATE TO 4.75%.
Like breeds like.
United orders Airbus jets in $900 mln deal.
Not a penny! retorted Aunt Clarabel stoutly.
Australia says China visit boosts security talks.
Slovak PM Meciar replaces three key ministers.
Believe a boaster as you would a liar.
Sunsoft and HP are endorsing the concept.
He who knows how to beg may leave his money at home.
38 (Above) Limestone bust of Tamma, daughter of Shamsigeram.
Trans Tasman says NZ CBD rentals firming.
IPO HIGHLIGHTS - R&amp;G, Transact rise.
Give a loaf, and beg a shive.
Latin American debts mixed, Russia sells off.
Keep raw and cooked food apart
Morris Alper, Mid Atlantic form partnership.
This grief will prove a blessing.
The result will be a wonderful new puffed wood.
Next week end, I thought, I'll pick and store them.
Hi-Lo Auto sets shareholder rights plan.
The questionnaire sent to the local council (the search) is inadequate.
Estonian computer firm Pennu set for public offer.
Miranda, while not vain, did not suffer from false modesty.
The dog's bark is not might but fright.
When a door opens not to your knock, consider your reputation.
They took away the mirror from me because I was ugly, and gave it to the blind woman.
Was the mouth so full, that warm
PRESS DIGEST - Spain - Aug 22.
Brazil to discuss Vale's sale early Sept.
SOCCER-SCUFFLE AFTER FEYENOORD AND RODA DRAW 1-1.
Sansui Electric - 1996 parent forecast.
Three women will make as much noise as a market.
Far away across the Atlantic, the Cormack family was burying their son.
He who hurries cannot walk with dignity.
Are you sure you wouldn't physics?
Touch pot, touch penny.
They are where they are because they are experienced, professional and talented.
He that will France win must with Scotland first begin.
You can often find in rivers what you cannot find in oceans.
Israel gets first transit shipment for Jordan.
ITALIAN CABINET APPROVES TELEVISION DECREE.
The Gorbals is no more and neither are the small Jewish grocery shops.
He is a bad smith who cannot bear smoke.
It's good steering with wind and tide.
It is a poor mouse that has but one hole.
No less universal is their reliance on precious metals to fabricate them.
Horse, don't die yet, grass is coming.
China president urged to save relics from dam.
He who pays the piper calls the tune.
Poverty does not destroy virtue, nor does wealth bestow it.
Italy offers 37.75 trln lire of BOTs for sale.
Better an egg today than a hen tomorrow.
I'm sure they have met with an accident.
Much bruit, little fruit.
For a time it was almost open warfare between them.
Russian MinFins correct down, Yeltsin not worrisome.
Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.
Most active stocks in Nasdaq trading.
PRESS DIGEST - London-based Arab newspapers - Aug 27.
Everyone is eloquent in his own cause.
BASEBALL-MAJOR LEAGUE STANDINGS AFTER MONDAY'S GAMES.
STATUS 2000 5-string, natural graphite, vgc, for Warwick 5-string Thumb or Streamer.
Often shooting hits the mark.
He seeks to live like a parasite. [He wants to sponge upon somebody.]
Every fool wants to give advice.
It carries Railfreight coal sub-sector livery and is allocated to Toton(TO) depot.
Every one is emperor on his own ground.
A colt is good for nothing if it does not break its halter.
U.S. lauds Russian-Chechen deal.
Israeli minister targets illegal foreign workers.
Shibuya Kogyo shares up on earnings upgrade.
IPE gas oil ends near day's high on Iraqi news.
A man of gladness seldom falls into madness.
TVB forecast to show healthy earnings.
No feast like a miser's.
Threatened men eat bread.
Normandy Beach , he repeats as he climbs the stairs.
You can't get blood out of a stone.
This had repercussions for the papacy as well as for the parishes.
Timah at 16.6 in London at 0828 GMT.
Jacob's voice, Esau's hands.
Time is the best preacher.
RTRS - Stewards yet to agree with Qantas.
FOCUS - CZECH LEADERS AIM TO KEEP CROWN STRONG.
The thief is frightened even by a mouse.
Who keeps company with the wolf will learn to howl.
I would allow the appeal and dismiss the plaintiffs' action.
A handful of good life is better than seven barrels of learning.
Was there really no vice-chancellor prepared to put another view?
He had no such means of casting spells over her.
I renounce the golden basin in which I have to spit blood.
A market is three women and a goose.
Finally we establish the so-called laws of exponents for positive integral powers.
No use in flogging a dead horse.
Cyprus foreign trade exports increase.
We beat the sack and mean the miller.
As soon goes the young sheep as the old to market.
This, in outline, is the situation facing the government of the newly independent state.
Canada's NW Prairie faces slight frost risk Aug 31.
Eat of your own, and call yourself mine (i.e. Be my servant and find yourself).
US yield curve to buck trend and steepen post FOMC.
Honeymoons from exotic India to upbeat New York
Aquagenix Inc Q2.
Cuban party urges members to win &quot;war of ideas&quot;.
Gold is tested by fire, man by gold.
Even a boy can beat a man when bound.
Soft speeches injure not the mouth of the speaker.
RTRS-Australian companies ex-dividend today.
A great deal of work is needed to close that conceptual gap.
A consistent orientation of the long axis towards 4060 degrees east was found.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
Recent work has demonstrated the existence of both matrilineal and patrilineal kinship associations.
Believe that, and drink some water (to wash it down.)
Originally produced in 0.50 and 0.61 powered versions, an X-Cell 30 is now available.
and then sort it out you know.
FORECAST-BOLSWESSANEN NET SEEN DOWN.
Sumida Electronics -1996 parent forecast.
Far fetched and dear bought is meat for ladies.
A poor dancer will be disturbed even by the hem of her skirt.
If the wolf would cease his running, the people would cease their shouting.
Tokyo rubber futures end mixed, off early lows.
Better be poor than wicked.
He who is well prepared has won the battle.
Like will to like, as the devil said to the collier.
Dollar ends mostly flat after erasing early losses.
Mistrust even more two leaves that have been joined together to fabricate a bifolium.
Malaysia rubber ends steady on Thai flood signals.
When a good offer comes for your daughter, don't wait till her father returns from market.
They need a sympathetic response, that is understandable and starts at the beginning.
Three remedies of the physicians of Myddfal: water, honey, and labour.
Central bank dollar/rouble rates 5291/5331.
The Tories have regarded the Commonwealth as a wearisome obligation.
It's just well like continuing the conversation.
No more adventures and dangers by sea for me!
As he said in the Preface to the 1815 edition of his poems:
A broken sleeve holdeth the arm back.
The new and younger archbishop looked twenty years older than the older archbishop.
A sense of humour redeems her designs from some of their associations.
A golden bit makes none the better horse.
He cast his satirical eye over subjects from assassinations to riots.
He is the more obstinate for being advised.
It's no use locking the stable door after the horse has bolted.
Who loves, believes.
Russians trap civilians, cutting Grozny escape route.
A wreck on shore is a beacon at sea.
Silver hits two-month peak, gold edges higher.
Typhoon gaining strength in South China Sea - WSC.
SAfrica 96 inflation to average below 8 pct-finmin.
US spot propane builds on intraday gains.
Gold lies deep in the mountain, dirt on the highway.
Collins replaces London's Michael Watson, who broke his nose while sparring.
all over town, turns up the scent on the air.
If it's an illness it's a stigma.
RTRS-Australis suspended pending news.
Gratitude is the least of virtues, but ingratitude the worst of vices.
Service files shelf for $1 bln offering.
The result was a foregone conclusion.
Dlr/yen ends up in US, eyes trade, plays down FOMC.
Thank you all very much indeed!
NOKIA ADS ENDS AT $39-5/8 (FIM 177.12).
Bank/Portugal says no demand for repo funds.
PRESS DIGEST - Lithuania - Aug 20.
The stomach is easier filled than the eye.
I felt like a leg o' lamb at a butcher's banquet.
Christian Family Video Society of Fiji,
If ifs and ands were pots and pans, there'd be no work for tinkers' hands.
From a fallen tree, all make kindling.
RESTORING THE COCKPIT section of Hunter FGA.9 XE650.
What everybody says must be true.
I know there are other irreconcilables out there somewhere.
RAISIO SAYS CAN CUT DAIRY CATTLE FEED COST.
We can study until old age and still not finish.
They are good that are away.
May the man be damned and never grow fat, Who wears two faces under one hat.
Abbot Hall Watercolours Exhibition April 20th May 8th 1968
Possession of the imperial title clearly enhanced this interest in Burgundy and Lombardy.
ddmmyy = the date the tape was created
I sing the song of the person whose bread I eat.
How did a wind get down there? asked Ho.
Hard with hard never made good wall.
HE gave away the other two boxes as presents.
IB Joffe in talks, shareholders cautioned.
An empty vessel makes the most sound.
Of brothers-in-law and red dogs few are good.
SOCCER-CRUYFF, SOLSKJAER GIVE MANCHESTER UNITED A DRAW.
She had seemed frightened of him.
When things go well it is easy to advise.
U.S. Midwest hogs seen $0.50-$1.00 lower - trade.
What the child sees, the child does. What the child does, the child is.
An interesting class of portraits consists of depictions of Roman children.
Make new friends, but don't forget the old ones.
Their silence gripped him like a huge fist squeezing out the truth.
Paracelsus sets rights plan.
MDC Communications Corp Q2 net turns to loss.
The madness of one makes many mad.
Norway to hunt down paedophiles on Internet.
Russia consumer prices down 0.1 pct in Aug 19 week.
Austin, Texas, $247 mln utility revs priced.
NZ 77-day T-bills yield 9.565 pct at tender.
The Never Ending Story by Michael Ende
And the narrator intones, I'm compromised out of his dirty mouth.
Alaska Air unit orders 25 Bombardier jets.
Mischief comes by the pound and goes away by the ounce.
I broke my leg, perhaps for my good.
You cannot run with the hare and hunt with the hounds.
Although impressive, some scientists are concerned about how neural networks reach their answers.
Venezuelan oil unit doubles bunker sales - OPECNA.
James Hannington, stained glass window in St Peter's College, Oxford.
The miller's hen and widower's maid, of want need never be afraid.
Whatever man had done, man may do.
S.Africa drug merger awaits foreign principal okay.
No one can be caught in places he does not visit.
All patient areas require alteration, decoration and cleaning from time to time.
Never heed the colour of a gift horse.
Specialty Equipment acquires notes.
To-morrow will be another day.
What is mine is my own; my brother Juan's is his and mine.
Colombia gets $12.5 mln IADB privatization loan.
Working grandfathers, originally the rule, become the exception, and working grandmothers rarer still.
The cat knows whose lips she licks.
PEACE AND THE DEMARCATION OF THE OTHER: A CONCLUSION
Between the hand and the mouth the soup is spilt.
Westcoast to restructure divisions.
Every one feels the cold according as he is clad.
Now, they turned and walked back to the cottage, with the wind behind them.
We would do well to take heed of the American experience.
The Foundling Hospital was generous towards its inmates.
Further details from Dr C. J. Keattch, Lyme Regis, Dorset.
Never let your feet run faster than your shoes.
Both were escaping from an historicist notion of evolutionary development, traditional to their disciplines.
Other folks' cares kill the ass.
Be not disturbed at being misunderstood; be disturbed at not understanding.
One who enters a forest does not listen to the breaking of the twigs in the brush.
Use soft words and hard arguments.
RTRS-No ratings impact for Telstra in sale - Moody's.
There are fine views and much wildlife of interest including deer.
Lloyd's CEO questioned in recovery suit in U.S.
If you would be pope, you must think of nothing else.
Toronto-Dominion cuts prime to 5.75 pct.
I can make it, said Lee.
Then I ask: how would you feel if everyone else cooled out like you?
ADR REPORT - Argentine ADRs inch higher.
You attempt to blind us all,
U.S. Justice Department files safe, Reno says.
Fond of lawsuits, little wealth; fond of doctors, little health; fond of friars, little honour.
Kobe rubber futures mostly up in after-hours trade.
He who wills the end, wills the means.
Dollar down sharply on uncertainty over Japan.
A slothful man never has time.
If you want to be wed in London you'd best get packed.
Ray and Diana weren't revolutionaries, nor were they political dissidents.
RTRS-News Corp says Ansett makes yr loss.
Angola predicts unchanged 5,000-tonne coffee crop.
Northern States Minn. coal unit up by Sept.
Italy's separatist leader heckled at opera.
Argentina's Menem to visit Malaysia, Indonesia.
Lund International Q4 June 30 net off.
An old broom knows the dirty corners best.
Set a sprat to catch a mackerel.
Better small fish than an empty dish.
The sinning is the best part of repentance.
The glass-dealer's horses fell out, and he looked on to see which kicked hardest.
RESEARCH ALERT - Allied Domecq upped to &quot;buy&quot;.
When the battle is over you make your appearance.
To this a further 1425 was added from charities.
Innovative warrants debut on August 30.
He who comes for the inheritance is often made to pay for the funeral.
Flowing water never goes bad; our door hubs never gather termites.
Envy goes beyond avarice.
Cathay Construction H1 net profit soars.
Who receives, should thank; who gives, should be silent.
Repentance comes too late.
Wishes can never fill a sack.
Plastic laser opens new avenues for research.
A good thing is soon caught up.
Neighbour once over the hedge, neighbour over it again.
Toyo Pile says to merge with Tosen Asano.
Giant Industries Inc sets qtly $0.05/shr.
You would certainly need convincing that they were going to change their management practices.
An ounce of discretion is worth a pound of learning.
The old ones sing, the young ones pipe.
And yet, I would do it again.
Wash. Public nuke power seen ramping up early Sept.
PHONE COMPANY TO TRY VIDEO ON DEMAND
The devil makes his Christmas pies of lawyers' tongues and clerk's fingers.
RTRS-Top 20 Australian Dividend Yields - Aug 28.
KOI TO SELL REMAINING STAKE IN NETAS
Netanyahu to meet Arafat for first time.
The pew cushions were also re-covered, as a gift, to match the new carpet.
Solicitors: Stops Burton, Daventry; Harry I. Alkin Co.
Two eyes see more than one.
James stepped outside and started to walk towards the hotel.
GOVERNMENT LIST.
Who cannot work out his salvation by heart will not do it by book.
Spectacular coloured Chagalls bring even more up to 45,000.
Big thunder, little rain.
Neither serve one who has been a servant, nor beg of one who has been a beggar.
Occasionally archery competitions are held here a perfect setting for such an event.
Architecture Update: Pleasing for a fee
Iran starts electricity exports to Turkey.
When God means to punish a nation, He deprives its rulers of wisdom.
Even woods have ears.
It is better to be always prepared than to suffer once. [Keep oil in your lamps.]
PRESS DIGEST - Morocco - Aug 23.
SOYBEANS -- Brazil mulls proposed end to export tax.
With one foot in the grave.
FINLAND BANK RESERVES RISE FIM 560 MLN IN WEEK.
It is good to have a hatch before the door.
One for sorrow; two for mirth; three for a wedding; four for a birth.
Standard Chartered makes Philippines a priority.
Love is like war, begin when you like and leave off when you can.
Do they not know how powerful I am?
If a word be worth one shekel, silence is worth two.
I've never seen private greed translate to public benefit ever.
Counted sheep are eaten by the wolf.
All we can hold in our cold dead hands is what we have given away.
Clear weekly invoices approved by Customs Excise
In fact, no one can keep up with her.
An ox with long horns, even if he does not butt, will be accused of butting.
He who has a white horse and a fair wife is seldom without trouble.
Pipeline in central China shut after blast.
Japan market rates flat until tankan - traders.
U.S. crop survey supports grains prices.
To become rich in this world, it needs only to turn one's back on God.
If fools ate no bread, corn would be cheap.
Recreational vehicles haul up Honda profits.
QNI year net profit falls 20 percent. [CORRECTED 05:35 GMT]
U.S. crudes weaken into Sept pipeline nominations.
Senegal telecoms official quits over privatisation.
Every white hath its black, and every sweet its sour.
CRICKET-ENGLISH COUNTY CHAMPIONSHIP STANDINGS.
Who ventures to lend, loses money and friend.
Japanese stocks firmer in London in thin trade.
Mikuni assigns preliminary bond credit ratings.
Their ugly faces and unpleasant smell made me feel quite ill.
Be old when young, if you would be young when old.
Now Daedalus announces a true distance coding camera, his Discocam (Regd.).
Every patient is a doctor after his cure.
Give never the wolf the wether to keep.
Banco de Mexico daily monetary base figures.
Matsushita returns to basics in profit recovery.
Iran eases rules to help faltering carpet exports.
More than a fifth of all executives were covered last year.
Kanro - 1996 parent forecast.
Wherever there is a pretty spot, the devil plants a monastery or a lord.
PRESS DIGEST - Yugoslavia - Tuesday, Aug 27.
Singapore sees exports growing 7-8 pct in 1996.
U.S. municipal bond and tax ballot proposals.
Poor men's money and cowards' weapons are often flourished.
Dree out the inch as you have done the span.
Others can still replicate, but less effectively.
The bear, he never can prevail To lion it for want of tail.
A good shift may serve long, but it will not serve ever.
The gums have receded, exposing the roots, and the teeth are loose.
It is now expanding in McLean, Virginia.
Kmart offers new credit card.
I a lazy lout, you a lazy lout, marry me, Antonia.
The rites of entertaining and offering hospitality.
One bite is enough, like rabies.
Clean tanker fixtures and enquiries - 1754 GMT.
Japan July crude oil imports fall 16.1 pct yr/yr.
It has a lot to decide.
PRESS DIGEST - Algeria - Aug 20.
What's the use of putting honey in an ass's mouth.
pages omitted due to classified advertisements
While two dogs are fighting for a bone, a third runs away with it.
It sounded such fun, I could hardly wait.
He would sell even his share of the sun.
to change things for the good.
Fort Dearborn Income Q3 June 30 net up.
He is his own enemy.
Gold shares may fall after high volatility-analyst.
CRICKET-PAKISTAN BEAT ENGLAND BY NINE WICKETS IN THIRD TEST.
Whilst the nurse suckles, we love her; when she is of no further use, she is forgotten.
Winfoong Inv says in group reorganisation.
Seize every opportunity for formal training that is open to you.
I love my friends well, but myself better.
National U.S. avg prices for farmer-owned reserve.
Paper bears anything.
The intemperate die young, and rarely en joy old age.
One door has been blocked up.
Your postcards to reach us by Saturday, December 19, 1992.
Secret gifts are openly rewarded.
The pot upbraids the kettle that it is black.
WSC-India Rice Weather, Aug 22.
The edges and corners of borders can be frustrating places to plant.
Say I've gone to sleep they'll believe you .
Meanwhile, Cairo is now apparently being referred to as NT Version 2.
An ox with long horns, even if he does not butt, will be accused of butting.
The devil sits behind the cross.
The meaning is best known to the speaker.
U.S. Energy Dept backs corn-to-plastic research.
AMS continues slide after H1 data.
THEATRE / Patricia Routledge in Come for the Ride - Greenwich Theatre
She was depressed and Nicholson, who had similar feelings himself offered her a shoulder.
Count not your chickens before they are hatched.
The person who has not traveled widely thinks his or her mother is the best cook.
She spent her nights romping along the canal in the moonlight.
USDA meteorologist says normal frost threat small.
To hang your sickle on another man's corn.
So we have the chink, we will bear with the stink.
Beauty without virtue is like a rose without scent.
Kovacs finishes off by saying, So what if you can't tell the time.
The great question is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with failure.
Every one has a fool in his sleeve.
Better a distant good than a near evil.
Nobody so wise but has a little folly to spare.
A tennis racket, a pair of flippers, a garden hose.
There's a role for people like that.
Teachers and parents were very enthusiastic about the course.
Pakistan bank auctions 6.9bln rupees bonds, repos.
Hatred is blind, as well as love.
Russia Chechnya death toll at least 451 from Aug 6.
Better sell than live poorly.
Keep to regular times for organised groups.
He who has drunk will drink.
Daedalus, however, recalls that the wind is always gusty and turbulent.
SOCCER-FRANCE CALL UP STRIKERS MAURICE AND PIRES FOR FRIENDLY.
We do strongly recommend that you continue to weigh yourself regularly.
Kidnapped aid workers released in Chechnya.
He who catches one fish is a fisherman.
Indian gold, silver ends up despite profit-taking.
This time round, it will earn her more than half a million pounds.
Newbridge Networks surges on earnings.
My second's in BROWN COAT for which I'm renowned.
ATT AND TRENDER TEAM-UP TO MOVE TRUCKS EFFICIENTLY
Fire said to kill five on Japanese trawler.
Much would have more, and lost all.
Irish bonds edge up, focus on currencies.
Russia's Zhirinovsky vows to end embargo on Iraq.
Handelsbanken could bid for bank.
Abdujaparov, Indurain and Chiappucci display their winners' jerseys as the '91 Tour enters Paris
A May flood never did good.
More hair than wit.
INDICATORS ZIMBABWE -- UPDATED AUG 23.
Experiment with different juices and combinations.
The devil takes a hand in what is done in haste.
It takes a lot of skill and courage unknown
Luck sometimes visits a fool, but never sits down with him.
For those who provide advice and counselling for small firms.
Roll it up and put it away, Snake, came the response.
Racing: Nisky to pass revision test
Send a boy where he wants to go and you see his best pace.
Your cracked jug seems better to me than my sound one.
Honey is dear bought if licked off thorns.
The persuasion of the fortunate sways the doubtful.
Don't carry your head too high, the door is low.
Fontaine -6mth parent forecast.
Shoney's Inc Q3 same-store sales rise.
Slovak c. bank crown/dollar fix at 30.419 (30.405).
The wife of a careless man is almost a widow.
So what have George and Marie been skimping on?
CRICKET-PAKISTAN 318-2 V ENGLAND -- LUNCH.
UK manufacturers, distributors stocks fall in Q2.
This time, the lights went up on the slipper-fight.
Margaux Hemingway's death ruled suicide - coroner.
Make not thy tail broader than thy wings. [Keep not too many attendants.]
are these the chances of surviving er a hernia operation or ?
When a man's coat is threadbare, it is easy to pick a hole in it.
Argentine grain/oilseed reference prices adjusted.
Everyone will be wondering what is the load you are carrying.
Application form and job description are available from Baptist Church House,
Do as others do, and few will mock you.
Venezuela to get $150 mln World Bank loan for poor.
Tyler, Texas, cuts property taxes by 15 pct.
Addy always had a severely practical streak.
Gilissen rates Getronics a Buy.
Scandinavian Broadcasting Q2 net loss widens.
Philippine feed millers plan to buy 150,000 T corn.
No man sees his shadow who faces the sun.
They can also be forgetful or very tired and perhaps bad tempered.
The magic item card for Grom's axe is included in the Warhammer game itself.
You was all having to be quiet weren't you?
Raven Industries Inc raises dividend.
AXA H1 sales up 24.5 percent.
Onions, smoke, and a shrew, make a good man's eyes water.
Law firm attacks validity of recent tobacco suit.
"Your words are fair," said the wolf, "but I will not come into the village."
Help is good everywhere, except in the porridge-bowl.
There was a legacy of forfeitures from the conflicts of the 1460s.
Willows are weak, yet serve to bind bigger wood.
FORECAST - SCA H1 seen 1.77 bln skr.
There is no medicine for fear.
Eldorado raises quarterly dividend.
Sorrow seldom comes alone.
Lay on more wood; ashes give money.
Let every one look to himself, and no one will be lost.
She can seek to defend her political rectitude by lying.
I'LL BE GLAD WHEN THESE HESELTINE PHOTO-CALLS ARE OVER!
With the marathon boom of the early 1980s, however, the club's membership leapt.
U.S. jury rules against smoker in tobacco lawsuit.
Once this is recognised the reasoning of the applicant's argument falls away.
WorldCom to acquire MFS for $14 billion in stock.
Every cock will crow upon his own dunghill.
Canada dollar closes stronger after bank rate cut.
A fools knows his own business better than a wise man knows that of others.
What is true is not always probable.
APEC urged to ensure people's welfare put first.
Who lends to a friend loses doubly.
Young soldiers, old beggars.
One who sits between two chairs may easily fall down.
It's been a very revealing programme for me and I hope for you.
PRESALE- White Plains City Sch Dist, N.Y..
Blue chips slump; long-term interest rates rise to 7 pct.
MFS-WorldCom deal opens gate for resellers.
Gencor raises yr shr and div.
Citadel prepares &quot;Hell Week&quot; for new class.
They are far behind that may not follow.
US shrs end up as techs dazzle, Germany cuts rates.
The Woolwich can now offer homebuyers a structural survey report.
Taiwan airline to keep money losing SAfrican route.
Anger ends in cruelty.
Jest with your equals.
I may see him need, but I'll not see him bleed.
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom.
He who loses sins.
German child abuse trial shows legal nightmares.
Moovies plans expansion from box office hits.
He who sows peas on the highway does not get all the pods into his barn.
He who marries does well, but who remains single does better.
Had it not been for an if, the old woman would have bitten a wolf.
A common blot is held no stain.
Australian TV is at present in turmoil precisely as a result of desperate overbidding.
SOUTH KOREA REVISE UPWARDS EXPORT TARGETS
The future of our wild birds and environment is under threat.
There's always a chance, she told Rosheen.
As now, so then applies also to conviction.
Pakistani yarn rates end steady, seen falling.
Yugoslav May unemployment 824,138 vs 814,898.
Sherburne-Earlville CSD, N.Y., won by Roosevelt.
The fox does not prey near his hole.
Bond Buyer closing muni index 15/32 at 115-9/32.
Christmas comes, but once a year is enough.
Be resolved and the thing is done.
The Grand Cross, man: the Legion of Honour.
It is easy to manage when fortune favors.
An advantage of poverty: your relatives gain nothing by your death.
Everything is of every year.
As for the current batch of fanzines, they are undeniably a mixed bag.
God says: Take what you want and pay for it!
India's CARE sets ratings for four fixed deposits.
Others were obscure, yet-to-come images that meant nothing to her.
Prunes should not be underestimated (4 ounces contain 8 grams of fibre).
Success makes a fool seem wise.
There are more than 2,500 doors in the building.
Eagle Hardware files for 4.5 mln shr offer.
The osmotic process will then commence anew.
It's a good thing we got here in time, he thought.
What type of vehicle has he arrived in this time?
U.S. debt futures finish mixed after FOMC meeting.
There is a fine view of the castle from here.
RALLYING-ALMOST 30 INJURED IN 1,000 LAKES ACCIDENT.
Published by CAMPAIGN FOR LABOUR REPRESENTATION IN NORTHERN IRELAND
They're always different when they come back, Keelan said.
The beadle of the parish is always of the vicar's opinion.
I don't think that his wife cared much for ice cream, said a relative.
Who wishes for a short Lent let him contract debts to be paid at Easter.
The goose-girl said that Andrew was working on them apparently with success.
Wine and wenches empty men's purses.
If a man once fall, all will tread on him.
When Kalchu asked him what the others would do, he confirmed our suspicion.
In particular, between-programme breaks tend to favour this, since they are usually longer.
Saudi 52-week T-bill falls to 5.9642 pct.
Soon got, soon spent.
The best trees are the most beaten.
Add in the tax payable on share gains, and the comparison looks even worse.
What about the basics of fishkeeping?
The Tsarist system had suffered from a similar defect.
One of these focuses on the contrast between short and long hair.
He would read the definition in section 8(1), which is
Dove Audio Inc Q2 full results.
Italian Mafia boss begins cooperating with police.
I quite enjoy myself doing these.
Do not ask questions of fairy tales.
The Russian knows the way, yet he asks for directions.
He who cannot agree with his enemies is controlled by them.
Shame comes to no man unless he himself help it on the way.
Bombay stocks - recent FII equity trading volumes.
RTRS - Labor would block Australia fees hike - Evans.
NYMEX oil complex closes off, gasoline hardest hit.
Indian rubber prices firm on car industry demand.
Do not give an opinion until it is asked for.
KFA buys 52,000T of corn at $160.77/T C&amp;F -traders.
He who looks demurely trust not with your money.
U.S. traders, analysts doubt leak of Commerce data.
Forgetting trouble is the way to cure it.
The poor is hated by his neighbour, but the rich hath many friends.
Art and knowledge bring bread and honour.
Farnborough, Hampshire driver Richard paternostered a rudd bait on 6 trebles to 6lb line.
An ounce of discretion is better than a pound of knowledge.
Nonsmokers are at risk of contracting lung cancer from exposure to other's people's smoke.
The judge was persuaded into error on this point.
RTRS-Australian/U.S. bond spread sliced on S&amp;P.
By 1792 he was lighting his Redruth house with gas.
A woman's first counsel is the best.
In a court of fowls, the cockroach never wins his case.
Observe your enemies, for they first find your faults.
Who the daughter would win, with mamma must begin.
U.S. issues new air cargo security rules.
I haven't had a dog biscuit in years!
He must have leave to speak who cannot hold his tongue.
An empty cellar makes an angry butler.
No but ASFA is just on the scientific end
They dealt with cases which did not involve statutory tenants.
Beauty is only skin deep.
An elated Hampshire team celebrate victory in the Benson Hedges Cup final
The objective is to identify the determinants of multi-employer or single-employer structures.
I would therefore allow the appeal.
The study of economics provides a classic example.
So Jay drifted next door for her dregs of brandy.
Irish April industrial production data postponed.
NASD to accuse brokers over tests - WSJ.
Dirty tanker fixtures and enquiries - 1546 GMT.
IBM to sell high-speed networking chips.
Wine wears no breeches.
Grayson cited fungi, insects and so forth.
D'Amato presses Clinton to apply Iran sanctions.
Pesticide shares pulls Egyptian market to new high.
Sudden glory soon goes out.
It was worse for Daly, however.
Church work goes on slowly.
Some roads aren't meant to be travelled alone.
A pig bought on credit is forever grunting.
Look with suspicion on the flight of an enemy.
I work with Lothian Mutinal Council
Nurture is above nature.
Do not mistake a goat's beard for a fine stallion's tail.
Salesman led police to pregnant woman's body
Foreigners sell 79.42 mln rand S.Africa bonds Wed.
Two-thirds of help is to give courage.
Maybank stock requoting, seen higher.
Finally, disengagement and relaxation: shake yourself free from the form of your subject.
African myths at Monde de l'Art
Put your best foot forward.
Thanks everybody here for your experiences and information!
Go further and fare worse.
Macrocyclic Chemistry: Aspects of Organic and Inorganic Supramolecular Chemistry.
English name (from the BSBI standard list).
EU sets extra &quot;B&quot; sugar output levy.
Who buys land buys war.
Dyspnoea, especially on exertion, copious sweat and so exhausted.
Accordingly, I allow the appeal and set aside the order.
Do not meet troubles half-way.
YOU GETS WHAT YOU PAY FOR
RESEARCH ALERT - Tiemco rated.
that beats the donkey, I mean all the donkey does is
Suddenly the champagne had gone very flat
DEC expects to add other systems such as the AS/400 down the road.
I'm sorry, said my master one day.
Crows do not peck out crow's eyes.
The mountaineer's ass carries wine and drinks water.
The treason is loved, the traitor hated.
The afterthought is good for nought, except it be to catch blind horses with.
To-day stately and brave, to-morrow in the grave.
Two forms of quantitative scoring are considered here: age norms, and standardised scores.
Even so, the craft will probably have difficulty in tacking upwind.
Cheese from the ewe, milk from the goat, butter from the cow.
He is well constituted who grieves not for what he has not, and rejoices for what he has.
And out on the moors so lonely to those,
All new Toyotas come with a free 3 year or 60,000 mile warranty.
Italy BOT auction has low demand for 6-month paper.
A tottering man must lean upon a staff.
What if he asks me a direct question?
German opposition rejects cuts, govt stands firm.
Feign death and the bull will leave you.
Singapore bunker prices steady, buyers sidelined.
Good comes to better, and better to bad.
establishment of definite edges to villages;
Paralympics an example for gloomy France-Juppe.
Nochlin controls this extraordinary range of material well and with great wit.
He invites future injuries who rewards past ones.
Call them on for more details.
SILJA RISES ON HOPEFUL VIEWS.
ROMANIA'S FIRST CELLULAR PHONE NETWORK TO BE LAUNCHED THIS WEEK
You have to recall the dream.
Instead of being coerced or bludgeoned into submission, the Celtic Church was simply subsumed.
London Stock Exchange launches new system.
TANDY LOOKING FOR THREE MORE BUYERS
Germany's Computer 2000 sets delayed rights issue.
In the UK the group targeted first-time buyers.
ITC 4-mth sales growth running 22 pct ahead.
What soberness conceals, drunkenness reveals.
One man's loss is another man's gain.
The Castle is a member of the Pride of Britain Group of Hotels .
The rich devour the poor, and the devil devours the rich and so both are devoured.
Atlantis Communications Q2 profits flat.
Japan Aug 1st 10 days trade surplus 235.61 bln yen.
The cats that drive away mice are as food as those that catch them.
Fortune often knocks at the door, but the fool does not invite her in.
The greatest conqueror is he who conquers himself.
Many annoyances surround an aged man.
U.S. weekly national grain stocks by region - USDA.
Without sponsorship, the series simply would not have been made.
The bad news is now largely behind, the good news is to come.
God's mill goes slowly, but it grinds well.
A little stone overturns a great cart.
WIN A CRUCIAL AMIGA 500 PLUS FIVE TOP SELLING COMPUTER GAMES!
When rogues fallout, honest men come by their own.
I'm going to live for ever and ever and ever!
There is no pack of cards without a knave.
FIT lifts half yr share, div.
A Conservative Government will help you to achieve the very best.
For the reasons set out in the judgment of Staughton L.J.
Though the speaker be a fool, let the hearer be wise.
Telephones were the main means of oral communication.
The rain follows after the forest.
RTRS-Australia expects record 1996/97 rice crop.
Empty expressions. Bombast.
what the reader views is a document made up from several disparate chunks.
A man is weal or woe as he thinks himself so.
Priestly knaves sweat hard at their meat, but never at work get into a heat.
Andover gets $15 mln credit facility.
Bangkok Bank profit hit by slow lending.
The nearer to the synagogue, the farther from God.
He who buys by the pennyworth keeps his own house and other men's too.
They might have been frightened, or offended, but they were laughing too much.
Mirth must be indulged in to prepare the mind for more serious matters.
Belgian child sex scandal takes new twist.
It will be like looking for a needle in a haystack.
Winning for Britain, the wireless, penicillin, and the packaged holiday.
The word of honour of a gentleman--another pledge would be better.
He also held the Efficiency Decoration and the Canadian Forces Decoration.
Canada's Martin does not bite on tax cut bait.
Her members can convert to Islam, but it is a one-way street.
He that hath a wife is sure of strife.
The bad plowman quarrels with his ox.
A look of glee swept across Bob's face.
We go right past and down the road and I'm safe.
Things rumoured lessen in importance as they assume reality.
Even hares insult a dead lion.
FORECAST - Consensus on UK company results.
Limited Inc sets qtly div $0.10.
Poor Friday was very afraid of the snow.
Vietnam sees open market operations in early 1997.
SAVE your work (filename: YourInitials33 , see Task 4).
Point to the caption below, and read it aloud yourself.
Perhaps we could we could have more activities in Shropshire?
Citrix acknowledges software security flaw.
Nothing would have made him do a Damon and slink back.
RTRS - Australia's ASX clears demutualisation advice.
RTRS-Korea meat win Australia's biggest since 1994.
Honey bee hives hit by parasite
You're raving, my child, she said briskly.
When money talks, the truth is silent.
But the Cambridgeshire result gives lie to the notion that nice guys can't win.
Cow of many--well milked and badly fed.
She could not walk to the block, so the executioner helped her.
German July M3 slows to 8.6 pct from 9.6.
For one pleasure a thousand pains.
Cineplex in C$25 mln Montreal theater deal.
The stage is tilted and is propped up by the coffins of Inquisition victims.
Bruce Myers's Krishna is extraordinary: serene, benevolent, all-seeing.
have they cut back too much?.
LCE white sugar make little change in late trade.
He is blind enough who sees not through the holes of a sieve.
Zimbabwe dollar falls, central bank stands aloof.
In space comes grace.
There are two general categories that shuffles seem to fall into.
China to curb vandalism of air defence facilities.
Kozosushi So-Honbu -1996 parent forecast.
As soon dies the calf as the cow.
Italy's Florence sees August CPI up 2.7 pct yr/yr.
Polish NBP cuts 1-day rev repo max to 15.90 pct.
Now, he was truly free for Viola.
China helps Pakistan build missile plant - report.
Petrobras spends $163.7 mln in July.
Thought is free.
It would be a very big book that contained all the maybes uttered in a day.
It was, for a time, a mosque, during the Turkish occupation.
Over no home can the sign be hung: There is no trouble here.
She had attended slide-illustrated talks on the agricultural problems of vast and distant continents.
The back door is the one that robs the home.
A dormant company may pass a special resolution not to appoint auditors.
Ha ha ha ha nice one.
Con Edison says Indian Pt 2 back Tuesday.
I do not pretend to answer the question by having posed it.
SUNDAY MOD BASHING IN BETHNAL GREEN
But it is buried in the indigestible and clumsy structure of Greig's play.
Of wine the middle, of oil the top, and of honey the bottom is best.
What belongs to the ravens is never drowned.
(Below) Vlasov as a commander of the Russian Liberation Army, Prague, winter 194445.
California guards stage prisoner cockfights - report.
A lock is better than suspicion.
Dove Audio Q2 loss vs profit. [CORRECTED 18:52 GMT]
The bagpipe never utters a work till its belly is full.
This white paper proposes four changes:
Russians, Chechen rebels sign peace deal.
Russia's Aviastar suspends production - source.
Then back to Cairo we would steer,
Brazil alters auto tariffs in WTO dispute.
NZ's Turners &amp; Growers yr result back in the black.
All the treasures of earth cannot bring back one lost moment.
Omaha, Neb., auditorium corp bonds final pricing.
One is never soiled but by filth.
This is the art of inspection.
I started fiddlin' all over again.
FOCUS-Dow pushes London stocks to new record.
The collective burials continued, but the size of the tombs gradually diminished.
It is good fishing in troubled waters.
Well, if they won't believe, they won't know, said the children to Polly.
Headteachers being leaders and not teachers with extra jobs.
At least there he would find painters, and perhaps a market for his paintings.
Restaurant open for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Taiwan airline to keep money losing SAfrican route.
Lovers think that others have no eyes.
Sharon was employed on a part-time basis to care for the warden's two-year-old daughter.
Behind every mountain lies a vale.
I also agree and have nothing further to add.
Palabora shr up, despite copper price fall.
It was something that he would have to find out.
Pakistan says India's veto exposes its &quot;designs&quot;.
pouring the molten metal on to water
Has knitting been detrimental to his career?
They would never have done for the vicarage windows.
Punctuality is the sole of business.
RTRS-3.5 pct Australia GDP rise not enough - Howard.
When it comes to styling, artistic flair and imagination are essential.
TEXTIELGROEP TWENTHE H1 BACK IN BLACK.
British rape victim's court ordeal stirs anger.
And they mate, laying their eggs in the shallow tepid pools.
P O Box 12733, Suva, Fiji.
The eye is never satiated with seeing.
Luckland - 6mth parent results.
Six of one, and half a dozen of the other.
Telkom at $28.35 in London at 0828 GMT.
The stable wears out a horse more than the road.
About the rest I am content to be agnostic.
No medicines can cure the vulgar man.
European vegetable oils close mostly higher.
Many a man labours for the day he will never live to see.
RESEARCH ALERT - First Boston on Chrysler.
Philadelphia Stock Exchange most active options.
PRESS DIGEST - Top Japan business news - Aug 28.
You have to hand it to Lowe.
Remember to show love to yourself too.
Some of their football was remarkably composed for a Third Division side in adversity.
The congress of Berlin eighteen seventy eight.
What is your date of birth please?
NWE gasoline slips with futures, demand slack.
(Yes I borrowed the Fabulous Thighs book for research purposes.
All feet tread not in one shoe.
A barber does not shave himself.
No flies light on a boiling pot.
EU to discuss extra B sugar output levy Wednesday.
Besides, Adam said that he loved her.
An innocent heart suspects no guile.
Suspended Romanian investment fund restarts.
But the Old King was far from being at peace.
Japan urges Israel to follow peace path.
Who loves not women, wine, and song, remains a fool his whole life long.
For the left, the Spanish Civil War proved to be something of a crisis.
companies should concentrate initially on regional markets within the USA or specific market segments.
FOCUS - MCI places cautious bet with wireless pact.
When God pleases, it rains in fair weather.
Tall trees catch much wind.
He who takes the child by the hand, takes the mother by the heart.
He who loves well is slow to forget.
India to speed up private investment in power.
Philippine Asiatrust sets IPO price at 39.88 pesos.
China Steel to lower prices for Q4 1996.
I'm in bed with this blue blanket and my feet sticking up.
Computer 2000 plans 1:3 rights issue [CORRECTED 17:50 GMT].
India sees big trade opportunity in East Africa.
Orange gains as H1 in line with expectations.
The countryside would be poor indeed without the movements of these insects.
OFFICIAL JOURNAL CONTENTS - OJ C 240 OF AUGUST 19, 1996.
There is no cure against a slanderer's bite.
REUTER EC REPORT LONG-TERM DIARY FOR SEPT 2 - DEC 31, 1996 (1 OF 13).
Rymer Foods adjourns shareholder meeting.
When a musician hath forgotten his note, He makes as though a crumb stuck in his throat.
French teachers lead autumn challenge to Juppe.
Modi at a caf with Adolphe Basler, c.1918.
The rich have many friends.
RTRS-Reform of Australia FBT a priority-Costello.
Closing stock market indices.
One man knocks in the nail, and another hangs his hat on it.
Is he outside or is in he cells?
Chinese province achieves record rice yields.
Indeed, Hinkes makes it clear that the weather and snow conditions were pretty awful.
INSTANT VIEW - UK July retail sales data.
The total cost of the numbered items from the catalogue is 156.63.
GTE appeals against FCC interconnect rules.
Better kiss a knave than be troubled with him.
No pear falls into a shut mouth.
Italian shares close slightly higher in thin trade.
At least there'd be a garden for the twins to play in.
It's something most of us just dream about.
The hardest step is over the threshold.
She asked after you, just at the end.
Urethane in talks about business alliance.
Seven o'clock could be ni nineteen hundred hours.
Oregon Graduate Institute rated Baa by Moody's.
BA slips after &quot;open skies&quot; newspaper report.
Consult your doctor if at all in doubt.
Medmarco names McLaughlin chairman.
Macmillan's advice was supported by HQ Eighth Army KP 97.
We all know active, vigorous people ten or even twenty years older.
RTRS-Australian Explorers Index down in mixed week.
He stared at her, watching an expression of contempt steal over her face.
The guide price was 85,000, but furious bidding pushed it to 127,000.
The child saith nothing but what he heard at the fireside.
Who aims at things beyond his reach, the greater will be his fall.
History can make one's own world look different.
JUTRZENKA AGAIN SEEKS MAIN MARKET LISTING.
As a policy that might have succeeded it suffered from impossible political equivocation.
A man may hap to bring home with him what makes him weep.
Unidanmark betters forecasts.
Doubt is the key to knowledge.
Number of active Russian banks shrinks -- c. bank.
We need a liberal economy and a liberal democracy.
Red sky at night, sailor's delight. Red sky at morning, sailors take warning.
The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
He laughs at scars who never felt a wound.
Rural groups have been vulnerable for a long time.
This is determined by where you put your weight.
He who sows money, will reap poverty.
Three things drive a man out of doors: smoke, dropping water, and a shrew.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try, try again.
PRESS DIGEST - Slovenia - Aug 21.
THE EUROP ASSISTANCE EMERGENCY SERVICE FACILITY IS INCLUDED
Beat your own and others will fear you.
Suspected militants kill six in southern Egypt.
I smile at Miss Plum with all my available teeth.
Once upon a time, he had written.
When the going gets tough the tough get going, and that's me
Honour blossoms on the grave.
Yesterday Charles visited a ginseng shop in the trading district of Nam Pak Hong.
Every man rejoices in his peculiar study.
Beauty is ten, nine of which is dressing.
Neither women nor linen by candlelight.
He must have clean fingers who would blow another's nose.
Let him that has a mouth not say to another, Blow.
Nikken Chem, Ajinomoto to boost sweetener output.
Let him bear the prize, who has deserved it.
All work and no play Makes Jack a dull boy.
NYSE closing averages.
The wound of words is worse than the wound of swords.
LG Group plans local industrial complex.
Pay-day comes every day.
AV Concept announces first final results.
Salomon starts Asia fund.
To whom do you offer your shells for sale? To people who come from Saint Michel (where shells abound).
NOTICE OF SALE - Bristol, Conn..
Malvern, and you and Mig going to Ellerslie and Tim to Colwall.
How will you handle this event?
A hut is a palace to the poor man.
He who hath much peas may put the more in the pot.
Giving advice to a stupid man is like giving salt to a squirrel.
TISCO to issue 5.0 bln baht debentures.
Joseph and Hannah Redshaw, shepherds, has their children baptised in Tickton church.
Pilot of hijacked Cuban plane returns home.
FOCUS - Eurobourses end mixed but London recovers.
Both lights on the other side of the carriage work, so I change seats.
Boys will be boys.
S. Calif Public Power $42 mln top yield 5.00 pct.
Who has, is.
Regent Inns buys Crossgate Leisure, expands.
The crow is a pretty bird when the jackdaw is not present.
He who fain would marry, in choice should not tarry.
Hong Kong shuts down Internet software pirate.
I used to feel sorry for myself because I had no shoes until I met a man who was dead.
MESA Boogie Caliber 50+ combo, including full flightcase.
Women and glass are always in danger.
Virtue practiced to be seen is not real virtue; vice which fears to be seen is real vice.
He came forward to kiss her and she pushed him gently away.
Diem perdidi I have lost a day (another day wasted)
Too much will soon break.
FCC in Indonesian property joint venture.
Open steps will need shuttered stringers, simply cut from the two measurements calculated.
Ten Cate expects improvement to continue.
IPE Brent ends 31 cents down on profit-taking.
He whose house is tiled with glass should not throw stones at his neighbour's.
Small intervals close together are pooled.
Israel delays liberalisation for steel products.
German industry urges Bonn to tone down tax debate.
Where are the best aquatic outlets?
That prospect, far from being feared, should be welcomed.
The feet of the deities are shod with wool.
Major revisions were also found to be necessary halfway through the programme.
A&amp;L links up with Eagle Star for insurance.
Thiercelin still could not think what he was talking about.
Duesseldorf(DUS) to open 1.5mln mark rail halt.
Parysatis did it with a chicken and I should have thought of it before.
Lies are usually caused by undue fear of men.
Chilean supermarket sales higher in July.
REUTER EC REPORT LONG-TERM DIARY (7 OF 13).
Wall Street whizz-kid Don Carter is entering a new stage of his career.
You must crack the nuts before you can eat the kernel.
(Like the mating call of a Scottish duck.)
A good wound dressing should have the following properties:
Nobility is nothing but ancient riches, and money is the world's idol.
Indeed, the dictum of Younger L.J.
Two to one in all things against the angry man.
When a peasant gets rich, he knows neither relations nor friends.
If all this sounds like too much trouble, take care.
Sentrachem sells Sagex division.
Dynamotion/ATI sells ATI product line.
Having a good wife and rich cabbage soup, seek not other things.
Never did capon love a hen.
The inner heartwood matures into a slightly darker golden brown.
Wisdom is in the head and not in the beard.
Australia stocks open flat as budget digested.
I was present at and involved in all these events.
Halifax questions need for new UK rate cuts.
You war against heaven.
Carrefour shares gain on buy confirmation.
TENNIS-GRAF WORKS HARD FOR FIRST-ROUND WIN.
Closing stock market indices.
Little pitchers have large ears.
Canada drops entry ban against Hong Kong tycoon.
Wash your hands in the flowing Ganges.
He does not guard himself well who is not always on his guard.
Big boast, small roast.
Quarterdeck says CEO resigns.
Rags to riches to rags.
We look forward to close cooperation and offer our assistance.
One may see day at a little hole.
Indonesian rupiah stable in quiet late trading.
Gilbert and I've decided to be friends.
No, culture gives us an idea of a higher life to which we aspire.
Old paper was usually sized to make it take ink smoothly.
Harris County MUD 359, Texas, won by Legg Mason.
Only torture will bring out the truth.
Den Danske Bank six-month 96 profit falls.
Lands' End opens operations in Germany.
If begging should unfortunately be thy lot, knock at the large gates only.
Spain's June trade deficit 215 bln ptas.
Fish begin to stink at the head.
RESEARCH ALERT - Paribas starts Argentine utilities.
Dollar closes mixed as mark surges, yen fades.
Two teenagers killed in Texas pipeline explosion.
FORECAST - Grenfell sees higher Danish 96 GDP growth.
New York timecharter fixtures - August 28.
MOSTOSTAL-W SIGNS DEALS WORTH PLN 4.6 MLN.
It is love that makes the world go round.
RESEARCH ALERT - Karrington Health.
If youth knew! if age could!
Retirement of members of the academic and academic-related staff of the university .
There are also serious problems in the UK.
Kill and thou wilt be killed, and he will be killed who kills thee.
It's a poor heart that never rejoices.
RTR - Woolworths sees tough retail conditions.
Yes Hogs at board, and bed,
IMF may ask China to release jailed employee early.
Brown-Forman consumer durables lower in Q1.
BOE forecasts 1.8 bln stg shortage, offers help.
When I came before the orchestra, I had nothing to explain.
More commonly, the term is now used to describe any really frightening dream.
I'm doing English, History and Chemistry.
Irish bonds hold steady in lacklustre trade.
USWC crudes off with WTI, buyers watch pipelines.
If two men do the work, they double the charges and so on.
Down is involved in the manufacturing of veterinary pharmaceutical products.
USWC light crudes firm on WTI, Alaskan diffs fall.
Youth sheds many a skin. The steed (horse) does not retain its speed forever.
Weir expects stronger second half.
Brazil's CVRD in $1 bln pulp venture.
The blind man has picked up a coin.
A fortress on its guard is not surprised.
There is no fire without smoke.
He is a fool that marries at Yule, For when the corn's to shear the bairn's to bear.
A thief thinks every man steals.
Relocation of industry is touched on in chapter 2, sections 2.3 and 2.7.
The beast that goes well never wants a rider to try its paces.
If all this sounds like too much trouble, take care.
There's some lines in one of his sonnets, I remember
E-data refines patent claims. [CORRECTED 17:20 GMT]
The scene in deep relief shows a seated, naked Hercules and the priestess, Auge.
Hollywood's political outlay $23.5 million - paper.
Slander slays three persons: the speaker, the spoken to, and the spoken of.
He who lies down in the wash will be eaten by swine.
Last year the figure was 156,000.
Words will not do for my aunt, for she does not put faith even in deeds.
Until then, the computer will be of considerable help to the less successful reader.
Applications for leave to address fresh evidence granted.
Australia's CBA in record profit, outlook cloudy.
My bet is Peachcake'll be pleased as punch.
First Colony MUD #4, Texas, 5.75 pct yld in 2014.
A hedge between keeps friendship green.
But ink it up using the rags.
Maybank says exposure to ailing firms &quot;very small&quot;.
Instigated by people in offices who say let's put out a guidebook.
Mass. Bay Transportation $160 mln MIG-2 - Moody's.
In 1982's pantheon of popular culture though, Boy George was pretty much alone.
Alix had been told about poverty, in Leeds, at school and at home.
Before I paint, I caress the buttocks for hours
The man has neither sense nor reason who leaves a young wife at home.
The answer to question 8 was A duck (influenza) (ii, 812).
Albanian left debates change amid recriminations.
Norwich half yr shr on track, maiden div.
A truth-telling woman has few friends.
It was only later that he realized he had destroyed a Max Ernst.
Pigs love that lie together.
We're talking about a child who died, not a living patient.
Easy come, easy go.
All trust has now been destroyed by these seemers.
A flea on top of a bald head.
Oaf could be powerful, killing all the bacteria in a sample within twenty minutes.
Every sheep is hung by its own leg.
Hijack of Sudanese plane ends at British airport.
Conceal not your secret from your friend, or you deserve to lose him.
FOCUS-Denmark joins wave of European rate cuts.
Adversity makes a man wise, not rich.
The classroom goes into the countryside
NWE jet fuel strong, availability tight.
It evades capture by lodging itself inside the very muscles of the pursuer.
It is better to be the first on one's race than the last (meanest).
Cover up the pot, there's an eel in it.
NWE gas oil edges higher, premiums firm.
Toronto stocks add 100 points after active week.
And he repents in thorns that sleeps in beds of roses.
Once in ten years one man hath need of another.
Where there is wealth, friends abound.
The Jowles were keeping Christmas in their own way.
Again we have done a little rounding off of figures to avoid decimal points.
Who excuses himself accuses himself.
The world is a ladder for some to go up and some down.
The corn that is taken to a bad mill. will be badly ground.
Argentine Central Bank reserves detailed.
It's predominantly young guys, tattooed, with their shirts off.
(E. Nagel, 1979, pp. 146 ff.)
The less power a man has, the more he likes to use it.
COMPAQ RECEIVES US GENERAL SERVICES ADMIN SCHEDULE CONTRACT
Cheltenham and Gloucester is the poly that he's going to?
Into every life a little rain must fall.
Vodka is the aunt of wine.
One bite brings another.
Sheila only came to two more group meetings.
Japan AOC optimistic about Saudi drilling rights.
A short sword for a brave man.
That which is beyond our reach is nothing to us.
FINNISH APRIL TRADE DATA DUE TODAY AT NOON - NCB.
Chrysler still seen as top choice for UAW target.
Flattery sits in the parlour when plain dealing is kicked out of doors.
Sembawang details SML offer consideration.
French capital markets closing report.
Multnomah Cty, Ore., schools yield 5 pct in 2005.
No sound of movement in the cell.
Ask my companion if I be a thief.
He who trifles with his enemy dies by his hand.
Silver Eagle year net loss HK$25.47 mln.
When the head aches, all the members suffer with it.
One's prog does not clog.
It is an entirely new code in relation to the Bankruptcy Act 1914.
He counts his chickens before they are hatched.
A book that remains shut, is but a block.
Potter's strength is creation not adaptation.
Everyone stretches his legs according to the length of his coverlet.
But I was a bit apprehensive!
NYS ranks cities with tax-exempt property - paper.
The problems of object-relations have apparently been resolved.
The shadow of a lord is a cap for a fool.
The best fodder is the mater's eye.
All truths are not good to be uttered.
He has been enormously successful, but in a quiet world.
He must shoot well who always hits the mark.
I have so much to do that I am going to bed.
X-compatible versions of Informix, Oracle and dBase have also been shown.
The way one eats is the way one works.
He wants to fly before he has wings.
N.Koreans join southern students on hunger strike.
Danish central bank makes no new money offer.
Desiring God is the essence of our response to God.
RTRS-Rhodes to begin trading in Vancouver.
Though my father-in-law is a good man, I do not like a dog with a bell.
Private school or public, it makes no difference.
But the best were his rose bushes, a type you don't often see now.
He who does not rise early never does a good day's work.
So many mists in March, so many frosts in May.
A good painter need not give a name to his picture, a bad one must.
Hungary bank unit AEB to finance Gazprom projects.
Baron shares to be sold in &quot;orderly fashion&quot;.
Calif hearing held on Chrysler suspension proposal.
